been kinda wanting to share this somewhere for a while
and just remembered for a reason ill explain!i used to
be a receptionist at a maage spa when i was
16/17. it was a really great job and i only
left because i moved for college. i would set up
appointments and greet clients but most of my time was
back in the breakroom cleaning, doing laundry, etc. all the
therapists there were over 25 pretty much and disregarded me
as being part of the workplace so i overheard everyone
talk about everyone- absolutely no discretion with me because i
was only pals with a few therapists who gave me
the time of day and nobody considered i might pay
attention. there was one therapist there who i think was
either autistic or had a developmental issue- she was a
good therapist and super sweet but of course had some
quirks. most everyone was nice to her, including me, and
she would kinda confide in me because i was someone
who consistently worked similar hours and was actually respectful to
her. i had heard some paing comments about her or
how she walked or was "weird" and they rubbed me
the wrong way but i was pretty quiet.anyways, one time
it was just the two of us in the break
room and she mentioned how she heard somebody make a
comment like that about her. she was pretty clearly upset
and i was like "___ thats so dumb and ridiculous,
why would they say that, youre so awesome" etc. because
she IS and it absolutely broke my heart (because she
was upset in a profound way and totally understood what
was said, which i think those therapists didnt consider she
was capable of). i didnt always get her but we
had some solidarity and i had her back if it
came to it.hearing her out and treating her normally is
pretty bare minimum and i dont think i did anything
except listen to her when so many people didnt have
the patience to even try. i wasnt trying to be
like a good person about it, but i was one
of the only people who would even put effort into
talking to her. like even some therapists who were "nice"
still wrote her off bc it took her some time
to get out what she wanted to say. i didnt
think anything of it and it baffles me that everyone
didnt have that decencyso im moving states for college, got
a sweet little surprise cookie cake from my unofficial supervisor
( i took over in the evenings pretty much when
i left school and she picked up her kids. love
her too). so we sell essential oils and room sprays
and candles etc up front. and ___ aforementioned therapist is
like "hey if you were buying one of those sprays
as a gift what would you recommend?" so im like
idk its preference but my favorite is the prosecco bellini
scent i guess. this girl is like ok thanks for
the help! comes back 5 minutes later to the break
room with that spray and candle in a gift bag
for me. literally wanted to cryanyways just remembered that like
4 years later spraying it on my blinds to get
my cat to stop eating them. to hell with anyone
who was mean to her; she was the ONLY therapist
to get me anything when i left. crazy how just
showing some kindness can be a lot. like just giving
someone the time of day even if its not easy
routine small talk. hope shes great, one of my favorite
people there. i smile every time i see that little
room spray and thought this was a good place for
this story :)
