I (26 male) have been an Avid video gamer for
as long as I can remember, I’ve always played video
games and probably always will. They’ve always been a way
for me to unwind and get away from the stresses
of reality and life, However recently games have become stressful
for me and just like any other gamer can tell
you, there comes a time when playing games doesn’t feel
FUN anymore. They start to become like a second job,
having to log in, grind as many events as possible
in a short amount of time for experience and money/loot
or whatever. It’s no longer about playing the game it’s
about sacrificing your time and energy for some virtual object
of gratification it becomes a chore to try and get
that one piece of gear or that one achievement or
to complete whatever little goal you have that keeps taking
you back to that game. This is where I found
myself a while ago, in some dark pit of working
my ass off in the real world and working my
ass off in the virtual world, until I got killed
by my savior in Red dead Redemption 2 a few
days ago. Let my paint you a picture, it’s Thursday
night at 6:30 PM I just got in bed after
my daily shower and was exhausted from my 10 hour
shift at my job, I decided to try and grind
out some missions on Red dead online and found myself
getting stressed and ready for the usual trolls, grievers and
AI bandits that make my life miserable in this game
that I “LOVE” until upon completing a daily challenge a
low level player ran up to me and shot me
dead where I stood while looking at my map, this
wasn’t unusual in Red Dead online so I just did
what I usually did and proceeded to retaliate and kill
this player over and over again until I realized his
character acting strangely. He was running in circles shooting and
punching things at random, trying to climb over every single
corner of the town and enter every door, whether it
was a shop or not, he seemed to be in
his own world and I started feeling bad for unleashing
hell upon him after seeing his low level and thought
I’d be nice and help him gain experience. And that’s
when it happens, I sent him a party invite expecting
a teen or adult to join but what I got
was a 6 year old kid laughing and giggling over
every little thing about the game, constantly yelling out YEEHAW
when he got on his horse and panicking after upsetting
the AI town folk. I was taken aback by how
simple everything seemed to him and how much he enjoyed
doing things like trying to cut down trees with his
revolver, every question he asked I answered and every time
he got into trouble I saved him. We fought bandits,
over took a town and even took control of the
train that circled the map and he loved every second
of it and I found myself enjoying it too, he
was in complete aw and amazement over the smallest of
details in that game that I’ve overlooked or never even
gave a second glance at and it was like I
was actually seeing this game for the first time after
months of playing it day in and day out. After
an hour or two of this I heard his mom
come in and tell him it was time for bed
to which he replied “But I’m playing with my friend!”
And that one little sentence broke me. That one simple
6 worded reply sent me back to elementary school playing
games with my friends and having the time of our
lives, that one sentence reminded me of what games are
meant to be. That sentence made me Love games again.
Now I’m sorry to tell you all that this is
how the story ends, me and the kid parted ways
after he got off, I did try to send him
a friend request but I don’t think he fully understood
how to accept it. But thank to him whenever I
get upset or irritated with a game I think about
how much fun he would be having just PLAYING the
game and it puts a smile on my face.
