I (16m) have an older brother (19m) we do not
have the same father and my father left us when
I was 6 y/o. He was always hard on me
and would push me around a lot when I was
younger and would mess with me every chance he could
(siblings and I right?)He and I didn’t get along as
he and I would fight pretty often when we were
younger. But times have changed and he matured and I
matured and when he turned 15 he was kicked out
of the house and took work at a ranch far
from where I lived. He worked there for a year
and my little brother and I kept contact with him
because even if he was tough on us he would
always treat us to something simple like an ice cream
or a candy bar. When he returned from the ranch
he was tough at first because we had the apartment
in rough condition and I mean like clothes were on
the floor and dishes weren’t washed and there was a
gallon of milk on the roof one time. He stepped
up as the father figure in my life and would
show us how to treat others kindly and eventually how
to talk to girls (note that he was 16 at
this time and I was 13). He eventually got a
car as a gift from my older brother when he
was 17 and my older brother was 21, it was
a used Chevy Cruze and boy did he care for
that beat up car and he would drive me to
places like mountains, beaches, parks etc. he did his best
to give us a life he didn’t have as we
grew up in poverty and moved from house to house
as a kid and wanted us to be happy. But
he would also keep us into check and would sometimes
hit us if we were disrespecting or being rude to
others and would be like that for a couple of
days just to teach us a small lesson. on my
15th birthday he gave me a couple of gifts and
got me the phone I am currently typing this on
and fast forward a year later he is teaching me
all sorts of things, how to drive a car, how
to maintain a car such as changing a tire, how
to do an oil change etc. he is an amazing
man now and is married at 19 with an amazing
wife and tomorrow is taking me to the movies on
my first double date with a girl I met and
began talking to back in march. I am thankful for
him and his tough love on me will forever impact
me and has supported me when my parents found out
I applied to the marines last summer as recruiters came
by my school and my mother was mad at first
but he explained it to her and I am happy
he is in my life. I hope you read this
Saul because I love you a lot as you’ve helped
me talk out of my unalive, helped me talk to
the girl I love. Thank you Saul
