This isn’t some crazy story but I thought I should
share. So my school every year has a little football
thing we do where two random teachers coach opposing football
teams of random random students in the school who applied.
This was my first year in this school so I
entered as a joke, because so many people want to
do it. And I ended up getting in, I have
played football but not many times before, I’m a track
runner, i’m not built for football.So me and a bunch
of other dudes in my school start practicing for a
big game against the other team, it’s in front of
the entire school. And when we practice we get a
little excited because most the people on our team are
the more well known athletic kids, there was one acceptation,
a kid named Aron, Aron was the shortest kid on
the team, he was super small, non athletic, he had
never played football and he barley spoke english because his
family had moved here only recently.Now My team is practicing
and we try and include Aron but he just doesn’t
get it so we don’t give up we just slow
down because he also didn’t want to play. when we
all practice we had come up with multiple plays that
would trick the other team, what we didn’t know was
that the other team was studying my team and had
matched players equally to go after the ones on mine.
Most of them had never played sports but they had
natural raw talent.The big Game was finally coming up, my
team was confident, for the first three plays I was
going to run past our opposing team and they would
throw me the ball, I was doing this because I
was the fastest on the field, and our plan worked
on the first try, I ran, caught the ball and
kept running. We tried it three times because the second
time went well but not great and on the third
go they had matched one of their players who was
(little to my knowledge) Very fast, he was right behind
me the entire time and he ended up tackling me
and I had fallen wrong and likely broke my thumb.I
have a big problem if I break, dislocate or just
damage anything, I don’t do anything about it, so I
told the guys I couldn’t move my thumb to catch
and I had already previously hurt my arm. So I
was useless, the best I could do is fake the
other team out, luckily I wasn’t our best player. The
game went on and the other team showed us they
practically equally matched us. We were pushed back and if
the other team got the ball five feet behind us,
but if we intercepted the ball the game would end
and we would tie the other team. Everyone on my
team was practically down there was no way for us
to tie,in our minds, we had lost.The other team had
a play to run in a form that would give
the Quarterback the ability to throw the ball and be
hidden from us, he threw it to their fastest team
mate and everyone on my team ran to the ball
trying to stop them from catching, we would even take
a fumble. At this point we are thinking no one
will catch it, no one can and the ball is
a second away from hitting the ground. I’m to far
from the hall to catch it so I try and
start to run towards it but then out of no
where. Aron! He rolls into the ball, catches it and
earns the ending game tie!It was amazing, he went down
in school as the best football player, his popularity grew
after that and he deserved it, he did what everyone
thought to be impossible. We all carried him of the
field and everyone was chanting his name. He was known
as the MVP. (Incase you don’t know MVP stands for
most valuable player, you probably know that though)Just thought I
should share this because Aron’s story deserves to be told,
he is also a genuinely nice person, I talked to
him a lot after and he was just very kind
