         I
understand not everyone supports Christianity, but please for the sake
of this story don’t comment badly on it. Other than
that sit back because this is going to be a
long one.        Let’s
start when we first met: N (male 16) and I
(female 16) met about 4-5 months ago at the gym
we both go to. Well technically. I was added to
a group chat on Snapchat with 5 guys from my
gym. N was in the group chat. Now I talked
to about 2 of the guys in this group chat
at the gym and the other 3 (including N) just
only snapped me once every few days.   
       Until things changed.
Now, the thing about N is N did weed at
all times and vaped whenever he could, so it was
easy to keep my distance. His family was very Christian
and he, however, was not. But, around the same time
I was in what I call my “snap hoe phase”
and I was added guys left and right because I
felt like they gave me enough attention. I ended up
added a friend of N’s on Snapchat and N got
brought up in our conversation. I told N’s friend that
I always saw N at the gym but he never
says hi. He told me he’d tell N to say
hi next time and later that day I got a
Snapchat from N joking about how I was talking about
him. He told me he’d say hi to me at
the gym that night. Of course I was the one
to say hi first.      
 But sparing details, as I was leaving I told
N one thing that changed everything: “don’t get high tonight,
for me”. Clearly very pick me of me, but I
couldn’t help it. Thinking nothing else of it at home,
I then got a text from N. He told me
that he didn’t get high that night and opened up
to me about why he started vaping and getting high
in the first place. He told me that it was
due do a phase of depression. I told him I’d
be praying for him and we ended up making plans
to work out together the next day. I can still
remember the excitement I felt.     
  Until I didn’t feel that, because when he
showed up he was high. And I have had a
lot of trauma with guys being abusive towards me when
they were sober it was hard to think of what
one could do when they’re not. He apologized and apologized
for it and told me we could wait to workout
together when he was in a better condition, but something
told me I was ok. It was a little scary
but I pushed through and worked out with him anyways.
We ran into some other friends we knew and one
of them told me one sentence that changed my entire
view of N. “I don’t know why you’re trying, he’s
never going to stop.” So I made it my mission
to never give up on him like his friends did.
I prayed that night about N.    
The next day, I go to the gym and I
see N there and he’s not high, and he never
gets high again after that. He completely dropped weed. However
vaping was still a struggle. We became workout partners along
with another friend of ours. And then me and N
became a little more than just workout partners. We did
everything together and caught feelings for each other. It was
hard for me because I knew I could never be
with him if he vaped and didn’t have a relationship
with God. So I never stop praying about him and
pushing him to quit.      
  it worked for a while until he picked
up vaping again and hid it from me. The hardest
part was him sending a picture of the smoke from
the vape. I broke down and practically ignored him all
day and even at the gym, I knew it would
hurt him but at that point I needed to take
some time for myself. I asked him to walk me
to my car and I ended up hugging him and
crying for 15 minutes. We had a long talk and
he officially quit and hasn’t touched it again. And it’s
been ok for a while.     
  We started to talk about God a lot.
He told me about how he wanted a relationship with
God and he knew he needed one but there was
something stopping him. I continued to pray and pray for
him. And it happened. Last week he went to a
church camp and committed his life to Christ.  
     When I first met N
I watched a broken boy get beaten over and over
by depression. Today I watch him laugh knowing it’s not
fake. I see him smile without forcing it. I see
him happy. Like a weight has been lifted from his
life. Sometimes all you need is a spot. The person
who’s there if you drop the weight and who’s in
your ear telling you you’re doing amazing and you can
do more. The person who pushes you to be better.
