Tldr: I asked my grandma to help me with something
so I could take care of her and she still
felt independent.My grandma was 89 at the time and had
been an independent woman for over 25 years since my
granddad passed. Slowly she began to get older and naturally
her abilities started to decline. She became hard of hearing
(deaf in the end), was unable to drive herself, she
started getting issues with walking (she was an avid hiker
before) and other small stuff started to go due to
arthritis in her hands.At some point she got glaucoma and
had to use special eye drops, at this point my
dad and my aunts (with good intentions) had started to
fuss about her capabilities to care for herself. -Yes she
needed help with things, but they took almost everything out
of her hands including things she was perfectly capable of
doing herself.-She confided in me that eventhough she was old
she loved being able to still do things for herself
if she was capable and was sad that people were
treating her like she was incapable all of a sudden...She
needed to get surgery for her glaucoma and leading up
to it my aunts were making plans of who would
take care of her after surgery. (whose house she would
stay at because she couldnt stay at her own house
by herself)The main issue was the eyedrops she had to
take after the surgery and due to the arthritis it
was difficult for her. Some time before the surgery we
had gotten her a pair of special glasses to help
apply eyedrops and she claimed that they worked very well
and she didnt need any help.My aunts asked her to
show us how she uses them but she refused to
show us, out of pride I think, so that just
convinced my aunts that she couldnt be alone.So...One evening I
went up to her and asked her to show me
how the glasses worked because I had issues with getting
my own eyedrops in properly and wondered if they could
help me.. (total BS, I dont even use eyedrops) and
she just LIT up and showed me right away cause
she wanted to help me so badly!!Well the glasses sorta
worked for her but not good enough that she could
be left to do it herself after surgery.. However she
had told me how much she wanted to just go
home when it was done and how she really wanted
to stay independent.So I lied to my aunts and told
them that the glasses worked really well and she really
didnt need any help, and I made a deal with
them that I would go to her place to look
after her the first few days after surgery. (They both
live quite far away so it was easier for me)At
the same time I told my grandma that for work
I had to go to a different office location for
a few days for a project so I would sleep
at her house because it was closer.That way I could
look after her and she still felt like she was
self sufficient. With the added bonus that she felt so
happy that she could help me by hosting me at
her house for a couple of days!! (I did arrive
a few days early and left a few days after
so the dates of my "work visit" didnt exactly match
with her surgery)The look on her face when I asked
her to help me with the glasses, and when I
asked to sleep over was priceless! And the idea that
I gave her some of her independence (however small) really
makes me happy.I do think she realised at some point
at least that I was playing a trick on her
but she was just grateful that I wasnt treating her
like a porcelain doll like the rest of my family.
And during my stay there I just let her do
her own thing and arrange her own stuff, I only
stepped in twice when she really couldnt handle it.So yeah
thats my thing haha! Love my grandma🥰
