I wanted to find new people and just hang out
with a nice little hobby. Well there was a Tuesday
painting day where they just sit around, paint something and
chat. I actually really really enjoyed myself. There was a
bit of awkward talk but they were very open to
talking to me and trying to understand my point of
view since I’m much younger than them. I’m not a
kid, I’m 25.The thing that really seemed to shock them
was that I am a HUGE compassion before all else.Trying
to understand peoples point of view before I decide it’s
meant to be malicious at all:At the end of the
day, one of the women asked me my input on
an interaction she had with her neighbor. Because her neighbor
is around my age. I said sure.She started with explaining
that she lives in a mainly Hispanic neighborhood. That a
lot of her neighbors didn’t speak English. Her new neighbors
were Hispanic and they hadn’t cut their gras. She wanted
to explain that there would be a $100 fine if
their HOA saw it. She started the interaction with:“Do you
speak English?”Which is, of course, not a good way to
start a conversation with a new neighbor. The younger woman
was on the phone and got pretty upset at the
assumption. She huffed and walked away down the block with
her kid. They both met again after rounding the block.
Apparently the neighbor was still upset and told the older
artist that she was offended. The woman told me she
was super upset with this because that wasn’t her intention
and didn’t understand how it was offensive at all.I tried
to explain that she doesn’t know your intentions and assumed
their were malicious. I tried to explain the best I
could that you don’t know this person or their life
experiences. Maybe that was a spur subject. She said she
understood and then said-“Well I told her that SHE offended
ME.”She seemed very proud about that gotcha moment. I didn’t
react the way she wanted because she repeated it. I
think she expected me to praise her. Since I didn’t
do that she asked me how I would have reacted.
I told her the truth. I would have apologize and
told the neighbor that wasn’t my intention. Not escalated the
situation.“But I wanted to escalate the situation.”I asked her why
and the look I got was just purely dumbfounded. She
was quiet for a long time before she thanked me.
She didn’t understand why the other person was upset but
I think she was starting to understand. It was such
a nice, human experience. To understand how this situation could
seem so black and white but with a little understanding
I got a beautiful array of greys.
