Our 1yo daughter is allergic to dairy, and as I
am still breastfeeding, I cannot eat dairy as it goes
through my milk. This was found when she was about
4 weeks old, and it’s been my normal since. Every
time we’ve had any meal at my in-laws since our
daughter has been born, I’m always left eating only meat
and bread, because my FIL will make the salad with
feta cheese tossed through it, or butter potatoes etc. No
matter how many times I ask FIL to put some
salad aside before putting cheese through it, or just to
leave me some plain potatoes, it never happens. I usually
just hold my tongue, eat what I can, then eat
again when I get home.  Today however was my
last straw - my FIL and step-MIL host a lunch
every 6ish months with family friends. At the last one
we attended, we arrived at 11:30, lunch wasn’t served till
nearly 2pm, and because of the commotion, our daughter didn’t
sleep and was so overtired that I left almost in
tears because I was hungry, and had a screaming baby.
My husband said it was just a case of his
dad not remembering what it is like to have a
new baby and that next time wouldn’t be so bad.
When FIL invited us to today, we stipulated that we
had to leave by 2pm as my husband had a
stag do to attend this afternoon. We were assured that
there would be food for me to eat, and that
lunch would be served between 1 and 1:30. I knew
this wouldn’t be the case when I saw the meat
put in the oven at 1pm. FIL finally announced at
1:48pm that lunch was ready, and when I got up
to serve myself, I saw the salad was covered in
feta, and the potato salad type dish was made with
buttered potatoes. I managed to fish a little bit of
lettuce and tomato from the salad and wipe the bit
of feta off it, but that was it, aside from
the usual meat and 2 slices of plain bread I
always have. My husband and I quickly had our lunch,
said our goodbyes and left. As I was dropping off
husband to the stag-do, I drove. On the way he
tells me that we don’t need to rush and he
allowed a little extra time because he knew this would
happen. I said if he knew this would happen, why
didn’t he say anything? He just said there was nothing
he could do. I told him that it was the
same as last time and that I left hungry again.
He said that we had time to have seconds and
I retorted that I couldn’t eat the salads and I’m
sick of eating just meat and bread any time we
visit. I told him I’m done and I’m not attending
any more meals at FIL and step-MIL because I don’t
want our daughter to be subjected to this when she’s
older. He said that that wouldn’t be the case, and
I told him that makes it worse because that makes
it sound like they’ll make the effort for her but
not for me. He said I was being ridiculous and
that I can always take my own food next time.
So it got me thinking: Am I an asshole for
lashing out? Maybe I’m just taking things personally because I’m
still hungry, and maybe it will be easier just to
bring my own food?
