I'm going to sound like a monster, but here goes.
My wife and I blended our families five years ago.
When we moved in together, she had two daughters: Mel
(16) and Molly (12), I had three kids: Lola (8),
Brendan (7) and Brian (5), and we were expecting an
ours baby.The house is fairly small, but we have four
bedrooms. The master bedroom, a downstairs bedroom/2nd master, and two
smaller bedrooms. Due to space, we decided to put Lola
in one bedroom, Brian and Brendan in one bedroom, and
have Mel and Molly share the downstairs bedroom. The plan
was that the baby would share with us for the
first two years and then move the baby into Lola's
room and have Lola and Molly share. Mel would have
moved out for college then and just share with them
for breaks.Everything got thrown into chaos when Mel passed away
a year into us living together. When it would have
been time to think about moving rooms, my wife couldn't
even think about touching her stuff, and it was unthinkable
to ask. We had an accidental (but wanted!) second ours
baby, so we decided that Lola and the baby would
just have to share 'for now'.Our second ours is now
two, and is starting to need to not be sharing
a room with my wife and I. I'm starting to
think that it's time. I would never have asked at
a year or even two years out, but now we're
heading into year four. I understand that it's a hard
thought and seems callous, but the reality is that we
don't have space to keep this up anymore.We need the
space. The bedroom split is just not fair, and hasn't
been for years. Lola is almost a teenager and shouldn't
be sharing with one toddler, let alone two. There shouldn't
be three kids sharing one of the smaller bedrooms and
a total of now 5 kids sharing one bathroom. All
this, while one child gets a large bedroom and bathroom
for herself?It's not reasonable. My wife and Molly are still
resistant and say it's normal to not want to move
things around even years later and they don't want Mel's
things "taken" from them, especially Molly. I get that, but
we can't. It's just not realistic. Even if Mel was
still with us, she wouldn't live with us anymore. The
plan was always to move Lola into that room once
Mel went off to college. Molly was never supposed to
have her own room and per the agreement made FOUR
YEARS AGO, Molly is getting all of Mel's stuff, so
nothing is being taken from her.They're furious, and now the
whole house is fighting. Lola is sick of her situation,
Molly and my wife want nothing to change, and of
course I'm the evil bad guy who does everything wrong.
Is this really that outrageous?Edit: the kids are now: Molly
(16), Lola (12), Brendan (11), Brian (9), ours 1 (4)
ours 2 (2)
