I am genuinely losing my mind here.So I love Halloween,
I love making costumes and put a lot of effort
into it. My friend hosted a big Halloween party at
her place and said there would be a costume contest
for who had the best Halloween costume under 50 dollars.
3rd and second place would win 25 dollars and first
would win 50 dollars. So not a huge money prize,
but enough to offset the price of the costume and
to me it was more about the fun of the
game. I wanted to win so I pulled out all
the stops and went as Zoro from One Piece and
only had to buy 40 dollars worth of material.When I
got to the party, I saw other costumes and there
were some fierce competitors but honestly, I think I had
the best costume. I thought maybe it was too obscure
to people who don’t know anything about anime and that
might not go well, but it was a good costume.When
the winners were announced, I got second. This bummed me
out kinda, but hey I still did well and again,
if I had went with something more ubiquitous maybe people
would’ve got it. However the issue arose when they announced
first place. First place was a dog dressed like a
pirate in one of those shitty party city pirate costumes.So
if I had lost to another person, I wouldn’t have
cared. But I had a few drinks in me and
my inhibitions were lowered AND IT WAS A FUCKING DOG.
So I outloud asked the host “really? The dog one?”
And she was said yes and was gushing about how
cute he looked. I said that it was a dog
and it didn’t even have a say in what it
was going as. I told her that this didn’t seem
exactly fair.She told me to lighten up and that it
was supposed to be fun. I told her that it’s
ridiculous she’s about to give the 50 dollar prize to
the owner for spending 20 bucks on a cheap Walmart
dog costume when me and whoever was in third place
actually made our costumes. She got mad that I called
her ridiculous and things kinda escalated into a full blown
argument that required my friend breaking us up.I was then
kicked out of the party for embarrassing the host like
that.So I don’t think I’m the asshole because like obviously
that’s not fair. If it was a dog costume contest,
but having a bunch of people compete and lose to
someone’s inbred bulldog is so fucking unfair. I think I
was justified in saying what I said. People there said
that I should’ve just taken the 25 and called it
a day.AITA?
