I was excited to go to a football game because
he’d told me earlier this season he would take me
and I’d kind of given up on the idea. Earlier
in the day he told me about the plans and
said he had to actually see if he could go
(which i’ve asked him to ask for permission before telling
me anything and getting my hopes up) I felt like
there was a high chance he’d be able to go
so I teased him about telling me and he hung
up without the usual ily. I was confused but shrugged
it off.We get to the game, he’s not holding my
hand like usual, no hand on the waist nothing. We
go get some concessions and as we go to sit
down his buddy pops up. My bf turns and hands
me his food and drink. They hug and chat a
bit. Mind you Im behind him holding his stuff looking
like a right fool. No introduction nothing. I feel like
Im back with my ex who never wanted to date
me just didn’t want anyone else to, which ik is
my problem but that’s how I felt. They end their
interaction and he takes his things and we find a
seat. He talks to the older man next to him
and I just think it’s friendly chat since he’s just
like that.Next thing I know that same guy comes and
sits next to us. Turns out the older man is
his father which is why we sat at this spot.
They chat and after a couple minutes my bf turns
and says “oh this is my girlfriend ___” I give
a meek smile and say hi and they turn and
continue the conversation. The entire first half my bf doesn’t
touch me, asks me if i’m okay maybe twice more,
he is talking to his friend the whole time with
his back completely turned, hand on his thigh, with his
elbow almost poking my eye out. I feel insignificant. Normally
he’s a gentleman and excited to show me off but
why not now? Half time comes around and he asks
if Im coming to stretch my legs. I follow him
for a second and he mumbles that they’re going to
pee in the woods. Something they did in hs I
suppose. We get to the stairs and he barrels down
them. I look up and I don’t even see him.
I’m honestly about to cry. He didn’t look back to
see I wasn’t behind him once. I go into the
stands to try to get a better look for him
but give up honestly after a minute. I already feel
embarrassed and empty. I go to the bathroom and then
eventually start walking to the front. I figure my presence
wasn’t needed. I call a family member to pick me
up and they do. He didn’t even call me until
I was in the car (about 15mins later) which means
he forgot about me for 15 minutes- at least that
how it felt. He hasn’t said anything, AITA?Edit For Clarification:
It was his friend’s father. We have had discussions about
how football games would go, mostly him explaining what’s going
on. We only get one day a week to see
each other usually. This was set up like a date
so I expected more attention. We have had discussions about
him ignoring me and stuff in our relationship about two
weeks prior. Update: We broke up.
