My husband’s parents asked if they could spend Christmas with
us. We said yes and that we are comfortable with
10 days, preferably December 20th through December 30th. I know
flights can get expensive, they are flying in from out
of state, so we said if they find better priced
flights that we could find some wiggle room but they
needed to run it by us first. Well three weeks
after we said to come for 10 days at Christmas,
my FIL said they are coming for 16 days! I’m
not happy. I thought 10 days was even a little
long and originally suggested 7 but now they just told
us they are staying 16! For context, I get along
ok with my in laws. My MIL has a mild
case of histrionic personality disorder which makes things interesting and
I feel like I have to walk on eggshells. She
used to decorate my house with stuff she bought at
the dollar store and goodwill. I think she doesn’t like
her own home and just thinks it’s fun to decorate
mine. I don’t think she is trying to be disrespectful.
One time she went through my night stand and put
all my husband’s condoms in zip lock baggies. When I
express how this is awkward and uncomfortable she says she
was just trying to do a nice thing. I have
many stories like this that show a general lack of
 discretion or understanding even the most basic of boundaries
like going through my nightstand. It was humiliating to think
that my MIL saw our private and intimate husband and
wife things. I just never would have thought I’d need
to explain that you shouldn’t do that. My husband’s 
parents fight almost constantly. This is not an exaggeration. There
have been times that I have to get my children
outside and away from all the fighting because it gets
scary for them. It’s been a big problem and even
got to the point that we would have them come
out individually so we could enjoy them without all the
contention. I know that’s a lot of background info that
I think gives an idea of the type of in
laws I have. Because our house is large they think
that they are not in our way. They offered to
get an airbnb on the 6 days extra, but then
said they can’t afford it. My husband goes back to
work after New Years, and my older kids go back
to school and I have my three year old and
11 month old with me. I am fine leaving my
kids alone with them for a few hours. They don’t
do well with young kids for an extended period of
time. I was happy to have them during the holidays
but now it’s becoming not as exciting. They are very
demanding house guests, for example we HAVE to go to
McDonalds, 13 miles away, every day to go get my
MIL’s special coke because I guess McDonalds uses twice filtered
water. Sometimes she asks to go twice a day just
to get out of the house. It’s annoying because we
have to plan our day around when we can go
get her the special coke. One time when she was
visiting and gas was $5/gallon she went to McDonald’s 6
times in 2 days and I finally asked my husband
to say something. It gets expensive! They are getting older,
late 60’s, so I understand that young kids are taxing
so they can babysit for 4 hours at a time
before they need a break. We have looked for other
flight paths and they don’t have the money to pay
for them. I’m just upset that they extended their stay
without asking first and now we even have to figure
all this out. I know it’s a first world problem,
but stuff like this always seems to happen with them
and I’m sick of it. I wish I could be
gone all day but I have 4 kids including a
baby and toddler and I have a lot of stuff
that needs to get done. My husband may be able
to take some more time off but we had set
aside some of that PTO to be used for us
to go on a family vacation. They usually come three
times a year and stay 7-10 days. We visit them
once a year at their home. I suggested to my
husband to just cancel and have them come out another
time and he said that while he knows it was
rude, he feels bad telling them they can’t come. We
got in a fight and he said he’d do it
but that if something bad happens to his parents, like
death, he will always regret not spending time with them
at Christmas. He says it would be nice if I
could just have a good attitude about this. I have
a wonderful husband. We are best friends and I respect
him, but because his parents are so strange sometimes it
creates a lot of conflict. We have had a lot
of wonderful memories made with his parents too and they
can be good to be around. That is why I
was all for them coming this year. I just feel
like it’s rude to come almost a whole week longer
than we said was good for us.His parents are mad
at me for suggesting they come another time.
