At this point my family is so fucked up i
do not care if they figure out this is me
using context clues. My father decided to marry my stepmother.
All is good and well for him. I’m happy for
him. There’s a problem for me though. I literally do
not know my step siblings. And he decided to get
married to the woman to never introduced me to them.
I met only 1 of them briefly. My older sister
lives with my father so she is able to see
them on a regular basis. I live on my own
so i don’t see anyone. This wouldn’t be a problem
if i was invited to the wedding to meet them.
However. My dad called me about the wedding to tell
me. And never invited me. I didn’t mind because i
thought he would bring it up later and i would
ask him. He didn’t contact me until after the wedding
( about a month and a half ). I cried
to my mother about not being able to see my
father on his happiest day. He then decided to contact
finally and talk. I casually brought up how was the
wedding. He said it was good. I said do you
have any pictures. He sent them and said “I missed
you being there” And i replied why didn’t you invite
me? He said you didn’t want to go. I said
you never invited me in the first place i would
have gone if you did. He then said “I’ll probably
find it in our texts that you said no” I
gave him a bit of time to search through our
texts and he then found nothing and this started a
whole argument for both of us on how i wasn’t
invited. I started getting pissed off after trying to end
the conversation multiple times. He then said “You’re trying to
make me feel guilty and i don’t think i should”
And that’s what got me. I was offended and i
lashed out on him saying how was i making him
feel guilty. He then started playing these cards of guilt
to me and i handed them back to him making
him feel even guiltier for bringing them up because they
weren’t related to the conversation. He gave up and said
he was going to bed and he loves me and
how i will always be his daughter. I never replied.
Should i even be angry in the first place?
