We moved into our Midwest neighborhood about five years ago
and were immediately greeted by our warm neighbor. Let's call
her Anne. Anne seemed nice enough, said she's so happy
to see young people move in, and that she's lived
there for over 30 years with a handful of other
neighbors.   The very first night we slept at
our house we woke up to a note on our
door from Anne saying the lights at the end of
our driveway were "way too bright." It was in permanent
marker and underlined. We didn't install the lights but figured,
ahh, what the heck, we'll change the bulbs. Best not
to leave a bad first impression. We never heard from
her again about the issue, but we would leave our
house and notice she put up hefty bags over her
windows facing the "lights." Ok ...?   Fast forward
to our first winter. She installed a plastic chicken wire
fence right on our property line. I asked her one
day what it was for and she said, "Oh, the
previous owner would plow his driveway and the snow would
get on my lawn." Mind you, this is a pretty
small neighborhood. The houses are fairly close together. She's the
only one with any fence on her lawn. Our bylaws
clearly state she can't have anything except a professional permanent
fence. Whatever, I let it go, and in the springtime,
she took it down anyway.   Fast forward to
the following winter and the same fence goes up. One
day I asked her why the fence went back up
because we hadn't plowed any snow onto her property. 
She, almost angrily, says, "Well you guys never clean up
your leaves." I apologize and say we'll do a better
job. Mind you, both my wife and I work full-time
jobs and I'm disabled and constantly have trouble with my
prosthetic leg. We pay a service to clean the leaves
so we call them back for further cleaning. The fence
stayed up, taken down again in the springtime.  
Jump to October of last year and the fence goes
up again. My wife insisted I not say anything until
one day we were sitting in our living room and
saw her blow leaves directly onto our driveway.  I
ran out there and confronted her calmly at first and
then could barely get a word in as she was
UNLOADING on me. I reminded her she's the only person
on the block who rakes their leaves more than twice
a season. Her fence is not only an eyesore, but
all of the neighborhood's leaves get stopped onto my driveway
because of it. She didn't care. Refuses to take it
down. I've called the city and they told her she
can have it but has to take it down after
winter.Here we are; fall 2023. The fence is back up.
I'm angrily watching her rake her leaves every single day
watching all the neighborhood's leaves stop on my driveway because
of the fence. Some days I'll kick some leaves over
to her side in anger. Am I the asshole? How
would you guys handle a neighbor like this? 
