My fiancé, Chris (24M) is the youngest in his family
with two older siblings, a brother (31M) and a sister
(29F). I (also 24M) have one sister who is 9
years younger than me. I don't put much stock into
the whole 'your birth order determines your entire personality' thing,
but I do think it might enhance traits we already
have. I've always naturally been a pretty quiet, even-tempered, nurturing
kind of guy. I think I would still be all
those things regardless, having a little sister when I did
just amplified them. Meanwhile, Chris was very much the baby
of his family. He wasn't spoiled, just taken care of
in the same way my sister is.I've known Chris's family
since we were 16. I've never personally had any problems
with them, but I did witness a few fights between
him and his sister over the years. The fights were
always about Chris being a "golden child" and either getting
more privileges/attention than she did, or getting similar privileges earlier
in life. I stayed out of it as this was
between the two of them. I didn't see the point
in stepping into family dynamics like that, especially since I
would've been a minor at the time arguing with a
woman in her 20s.This past Thursday night, we left on
a weekend trip with his family. We left pretty late
Thursday, we had already been driving for a few hours,
and Chris gets hot/uncomfortable pretty easily, so he wasn't feeling
too great. His dad went through a drivethru and as
we were sitting in the parking lot eating, I asked
if there was anything I could do to make him
more comfortable. He had forgotten to unbuckle his own seatbelt,
so I did it for him and just told him
to relax and enjoy his food. His sister made some
sort of comment about him getting coddled, but I took
it as a joke and brushed past it.Fast forward to
last night, while we were out at dinner, it was
uncharacteristically warm in the little restaurant we chose. Chris had
worn a hoodie with nothing underneath while I was wearing
a t-shirt, so we went into the bathroom to switch.
It wasn't a big deal until, when we sat back
down, his sister said "Looks like you're still getting the
golden boy treatment, huh?"I'm usually not a confrontational person, but
I was annoyed enough by the multiple comments. I said
"It's a little pathetic that you're almost 30 and you're
still rehashing the same argument you had when Chris and
I were sixteen years old." She ended up going to
wait in the car while we finished our meal.It's been
tense since then and while no one has brought it
up, I'm not sure if I overstepped. AITA?EDIT: The two
examples I gave are not regular occurrences. As I said
in a comment, to me these are just instances of
me being considerate of my SO. Acts of service is
big for me when it comes to expressing my love.
He does the same for me (as we all should
be doing for our partners!) 
