My husband travels for both work and pleasure every 2-3
months for 3-7 days at a time. He gets restless
without it so I have never had a problem with
it. The only thing is for the day or so
he comes back he is not helpful and wants to
lounge about, sleep in and be gruff. We have a
6 year old who has some special needs and I
hate thinking I have extra hands to help or an
adult to talk to only to have another child to
take care of. After the day he perks back up
and things are okay again. After the last time, I
asked him to stay away for another day. I told
him I’d pay for a hotel or he could crash
with a friend. He got really upset and said he
likes to crash in his bed and that he was
hurt I didn’t want him just because he wasn’t ‘useful.’
I told him that it’s just really hard to have
him around when he’s not himself. My mom agrees with
me, but my dad said he’d be hurt by the
sentiment. Our friends are split with most saying they get
it but I presented it coldly. AITA for not wanting
to deal with him when he first gets back?ETA: The
part that makes it hard is our daughter tries to
get in his face and interact with him and he
just wants to rest. I have to take her away
and calm her down and try and get her happy
again. They usually have a tight bond and she’s used
to getting his attention so it’s just hard on both
of us that he wants to laze for a day.
I’ve also suggested he come back on a work day
and take the day off so he can relax. He’s
great when he’s himself, but he gets exhausted traveling. Also
for those asking- I think there’s a huge difference on
the work trips and the personal trips. When work exhausts
him I get it. When he’s been traveling with his
friends I do expect him to come back and chip
in or just not make things harder. I think the
hard part is really that this is an area we
struggle to communicate on. I think in my head the
compromise has always been I don’t mind if you travel
a lot, but when you’re here I need you on
because ‘single parenting’ is hard. Like so many on this
thread I think we just need to communicate better. 
