Context: husband and I have a 22 month old toddler.
This was a busy day as we had two social
engagements planned and had a babysitter booked months in advance
for the second evening event (social gathering at husband’s friends
house). I agreed to attend and had no issues. However
when today finally rolled around I found myself the sole
parent of our sick toddler and really felt run off
my feet all day. Husband did get up with her
and started her morning routine, but I did everything else.
I offered to stay at home with her so he
can go to his first social engagement (friends birthday party)
expecting that he would be back in an hour or
so, I guess cause I would have done the same
if the situation were reversed, although I didn’t explicitly state
I expected him home an hour later. He returned two
hours later and wanted to work out, meaning baby duties
continued to fall on me. I’m pretty irritated (and tired)
at this point, having fed her all her meals, walked
the dog and taken baby and dog to park for
80 minutes, cleaned the kitchen and did all the housework.
I felt I owed him no more of my time
and no longer had any interest in going to his
friends house tonight. So I canceled the babysitter (she was
already paid in advance) and told him so. He lost
his shit and started throwing a tantrum about how I’ve
ruined everything and is now completely ignoring the baby and
blaming me for being a bad wife, mother, bitch etc
etc.I feel bad (kind of) for canceling this social event
I knew he was looking forward to but I feel
zero affection or altruism given his complete lack of interest
in my well being all day and never once thought
to do something to make my day easier. Maybe I
expect too much? I suppose all mothers have to feel
like they’re working two full time jobs and just deal
with it? (we both work full time if it matters
but had this weekend off).So Reddit AITA?EDIT: I canceled my
own plan to go to husbands friends house. I did
not tell them my husband wasn’t coming, as he did
in fact go. I just did not accompany him.Edit 2:
the babysitter was only coming 7 pm onwards AFTER baby
would have already gone to sleep. So no it made
no sense to tell her to still come because then
she’d be doing nothing and I’d be home. She was
meant to just keep an eye on her while sleeping
to make sure we had an adult in the house.
She’s also been around baby all sick and doesn’t care
for those saying I was exposing babysitter. Baby also is
recovering from cold, not dying from a fatal illness.Edit 3:
I appreciate the constructive comments and agree on the need
for better communication. I don’t think most of you understand
what it’s like working full time and being a parent
to a young toddler but it is what it is.
I guess expecting a husband to be considerate is now
considered him having to “mind read.” Appreciate the help, Reddit.
