Yesterday, my family had a game night and my (M28)
sister ("Kate" F27) was asking "what if/this or that" questions.
It was going well, until it wasn't. I am a
single father raising my daughter ("Sarah" F6). Her mother ("Marie"
F25), my fiance, died last year during childbirth to our
baby, Sarah's brother. Sarah is my only living child and
I do not plan on having anymore. Marie was the
love of my life and I don't think I'll ever
want to be with anyone else. Anyway, last night, few
questions in, Kate asked "If you (me) took Sarah and
(her daughter/my niece "Lilly" F8) to the ocean and they
both began to drown, who would you save?" Obviously, I
found this to be a very strange question. I told
her that I would save both of them and left
it alone but she would drop it. She kept asking
and eventually I got angry and told her that I
would save my daughter. She was furious. She said that
if she put her child in my care, then she
would want to believe that she would be safe. Now,
I guess she doesn't feel safe with me taking Lilly
out with me anymore. I was offended because Lilly and
I have spent a lot of time together since her
father left. She was a 2 years old when he
left. Sarah was a baby and I told Kate that
I would look out for her because with having Sarah,
I know how important it is for a little girl
to have a father figure in her life. We all
live in the same neighborhood, so when I took Sarah
to the park, I brought Lilly. When I took Sarah
out to lunch, I brought Lilly. When I brought Sarah
to Disneyland, I brought Lilly. I love her and I
try to do my best to be the good man
in her young life. I told Kate that these were
just rhetorical questions and I didn't mean anything by it,
but she didn't want to hear me out. I don't
think I could handle loosing Sarah. She's my daughter and
the best reminder of Marie. I don't want either of
them to die, but if I were to think about
how I react in that moment, I think I would
save Sarah. I feel really bad and Kate, a long
with my other siblings, are calling me selfish because Lilly
would be my responsibility too. AITA?(Im sorry if this sounds
weird, but I'm upset and having a hard time calling
down enough to type this.)Edit #1: clarification on who took
the children to the beach.Edit #2 - comment: Im glad
that so far, you guys don't see me as the
AH. I just don't want Kate to make Lilly believe
that I don't love her. I also don't know why
she would ask this question to begin with. She's been
calling me all day but I haven't answered because I'm
so angry right now. Should I seriously ask her what
she would do? I don't know what she wanted me
to say in that situation.Background info: He ex, Lilly's dad,
was also really abusive and kept her pretty isolated from
us. I'm sure whatever he has said or done to
her has significantly dented her self esteem. That man chose
drugs over her and Lilly every chance that he got.
Regardless, Kate was with him and they were trying for
another baby right after Lilly but for some reason she
was told that she wouldn't ae to have anymore. Why?
No idea. She kept it to herself. So I guess
that could be why she cared so much. (A bit
of a stretch but whatever)Explanation and update: The start of
the questions wasn't horrible. It was her and our 17
year old sister taking turns asking everyone. I still have
absolutely no idea why she would ask me that particular
question. Yes, they were all kind of weird but that
one, just no. I definitely should have stuck to my
first answer of both, but with her pushing I was
feeling a lot of feelings and just said it. All
rhetorical questions are stupid, but the topic for me seems
insensitive. Our brother and her are pretty close so I
called him and asked what was up and he told
me that she said it wasn't a big deal of
a question and I shouldn't have gotten defensive. He said
that she also said that I should have chosen Lilly
because she was my responsibility and the only child that
Kate could have. Kate said that I could have more,
but she couldn't so Lilly should take priority. Yep, I
said that I was done for the night.Edit #3: autocorrect
hates meEdit #4 - Answering general questions. Is Kate normally
crazy? Eh, kind of. She has high highs and low
lows. She's been through a lot so everybody tends to
her but technically, everybody goes through a lot, I guess
she just handles her problems in a different way. Is
Kate jealous? Maybe. I try to be a good man
and I think I'm going pretty well. The men around
me tend to run in the opposite direction when it
comes to handling their responsibilities. I have had trouble, but
I still make sure to get stuff done. I am
a kind and generous man. I try not to raise
my voice and have never raised my hand to any
woman. I make sure that my bills are paid and
that there is food on the table. I try to
make sure that my people are safe and happy. I
do my best in general and try to spread that
love and care around because I know that it is
important. Hence, caring for Lilly. I love that kid, I
really do. I feel bad for her and want to
do what I can for her but have to remember
that she is not mine. As much as it pains
me, I know that no one will look out for
Sarah like I do. I can't slack on her for
the next. I won't. But it hurts so badly.
