I’ve been friends with this person since 2016, and we’ve
had a pretty good relationship despite me consistently feeling like
she sees me as naive, since I’m 3 years younger
than her.She owns her own mobile massage business, and recently
asked me to help her with graphic design and logos
for her rebrand into a full-service business for a ski
lodge in our state that caters exclusively to extremely wealthy
clients. She asked me if I would create a new
logo for the overarching company, as well as 5 additional
logos for her subsidiary departments and social media carousels as
needed.As a bit of background, this friend has never struck
me as struggling financially at all. She owns her house
and does not have a mortgage (since her parents own
it), she doesn’t have a car payment, and from what
it sounds like, she makes quite a bit of money
servicing wealthy clients in Park City and the surrounding areas.Yesterday,
she invited me to dinner under the guise of meeting
her new partner. During this conversation, she bragged extensively about
how they had just bought a 5-acre plot of land
in the mountains that they were planning on turning into
a yurt AirBnB, and all of the trips they were
planning on taking that could be written off as “business
expenses”. She also mentioned that she had slept with a
man the previous night for $500 and was planning on
making this a regular stream of income. The cherry on
top is that she is leaving for a 10-day trip
to Europe tomorrow. So, again, not strapped for cash as
it appears.However, twice in this conversation, she casually mentioned that
she couldn’t afford to pay me for the design work
I’ve been completing for her, as her full-service business contract
is in limbo with the ski lodge. The first time
she mentioned it, I thought she was joking and laughed
it off. But the second time she said she couldn’t
pay me was as I was headed out the door,
and she quickly followed it up with saying that maybe
one day she’d surprise me with a trip and pay
for me. I’ve been stewing all day on how she
basically tried to sugarcoat the fact that she is planning
to not pay me the almost $600 she owes me.
Would I be the asshole if I sent a text
telling her I couldn’t work for her until she paid
at least for the logos I’ve delivered to her already?
I should have told her up front my pricing, but
I really didn’t imagine she would expect me to do
this as a favor, and had originally planned to invoice
her upon completion.Edit: Thanks everyone for the input! I sent
her the text and she responded positively, albeit appearing to
backpedal a little bit. I’m going to draft my own
contracts moving forward, even for work that’s “just for friends,”
since a lot of you have importantly pointed out that
there is no distinction between friend/client when it comes to
business, and things should be more professional to cover all
the bases. It’s easy to fall into something quickly without
realizing what you’re fully getting into, and I take responsibility
for that, at least. Working on becoming a better businessperson
and advocate for myself.
