I (29m) and my wife (27f) moved into my sister's
(31f) house about 8 months ago when I lost my
job, against my will. My wife decided that we couldn't
afford our life anymore despite her making a sizeable income
and accepted my sister's invitation to move in, and has
been spilting the bills with my sister since. Even though
we are only two people and she has her children
(3m and 6f) in the house as well so should
be paying for 3 peoples portions, which I've mentioned several
times.  Yesterday they told me that in December they
are going on vacation for two weeks. My wife, my
sister, my sister's kids, and my sister's boyfriend.  When
I questioned why I wasn't invited my sister rolled her
eyes (passive aggressive as always) and my wife said that
since I didn't have a form of income that I
wouldn't be able to afford it, but they know that
if I had enough time in advance I could've lent
money from my mother, which is why I suspect they
hadn't told me sooner but they say they just decided.
  I told them that it was completely unfair
to go on a trip now that I have no
money and never before when I could've come too. My
sister loudly, i assume to embarrass me (this was in
the front yard), implied I wasnt trying hard enough to
get a job even though I have been trying and
even louder told me not to go begging to mom.
My mother doesn't mind lending me money she usually says
don't even worry about it,  and I think they
left it to now because she doesn't make a lot
so if I need to borrow that much i need
to let her now a couple months in advance. 
  I asked my wife if I could get
some help from her if I could get the plane
ticket covered by my mother, and she insisted she couldn't
despite her large savings account (it was over 10k last
year) so now I'm thinking they just don't want me
there and I got upset and here's where I may
be the asshole I said maybe if she wasn't covering
half the bills while my sister is not paying appropriately
for her children's power and water usage she'd have the
extra.  My sister blew up and screamed at me
for what was probably minutes, calling me a loser and
a bum and many other hurtful things and said that
if angry about whos using what i can pay the
bills for the 2 weeks they are gone, despite me
obviously not having the income to. My wife said I
was out of line, and i do feel as if
I may have somewhat overreacted but AITAEdit: my other post
was entirely unrelated but obviously my wife was not sleeping
in the same bed, the spare room as she doesn't
like when I drink.And I swear my mom really doesn't
mind, she's on my side here too.About the money questions,
moving in with my sister saves us about 1400 a
month as she owns her house and we don't have
to pay into rent, I do do some chores, mowing
the lawn in the summer and shoveling in the winter
once a week in exchange for the food I consume
as my sister puts it.  I lost the job
do to not getting along with my managers and coworkers,
not entirely my fault.
