My sister Madison was bullied in school, her worst bully
being James. James bullied her a lot over her looks
and Madison did have some mental health/self-esteem struggles because of
him. Madison and James never saw each other again after
graduation.    Madison was recently looking up the
names of old classmates, which is how she learned that
James actually died last year. James’ daughter Ashley made a
post on his birthday saying that she misses him every
day but also knows he’s in heaven watching over her.
   Madison sent a direct message to Ashley
telling her that James wasn’t the person Ashley thought she
was and gave examples of some of the things James
would say to her. Madison went even further by ending
with how she would bet money that James isn’t in
heaven.    Ashley posted screenshots of Madison’s messages
and it’s gotten a lot of attention online. People are
leaving comments on Madison’s page calling her a horrible person
and she claims that a lot of people unfriended her
online.    Madison knows some of the people
who saw the posts in real life. I don’t think
it’s likely, but Madison is still afraid that this could
reflect badly on her at work and possibly impact her
ability to get a promotion if her supervisors find out.
   Madison admits she was angry and didn’t
think before messaging Ashley but that it was still justified
and she shouldn’t have to bite her tongue because James
dying doesn’t change the way he treated her in school.
   I told Madison that she has herself
to blame for the aforementioned issues and she should apologize
to Ashley. I agree you don’t need to lie that
someone was a great person even if they’ve died. But
what did she think messaging a grieving kid those things
would accomplish?    Madison told me she may
have done something brash in a moment of anger but
that I am a terrible sister for not having her
back.    Our Dad is defending Madison because
it took years for her to regain her self-esteem because
of how people like James treated her in school. Dad
says Ashley is young but she’s the same age that
Madison was when James was making the comments he did
towards her and eventually she’d have to learn some hard
truths about who her parents actually were.   
Our Mom said it’s obvious looking back that Madison responded
poorly, but it was done in a moment of anger
when she wasn’t thinking. Mom insists that everyone would have
moved on from it already if it hadn’t happened online
and this kind of blowback to Madison isn’t justified. 
   Our parents both told me that I
am the one who owes an apology to Madison because
everyone has gone too far in moments of anger and
Madison doesn’t deserve this kind of stress. They told me
a good sister would have had compassion instead of judgment.
AITA?
