My (29M) girlfriend's (27F) sister (29F) was passing through the
city recently and we had made plans to go out
to dinner together. This was the first time I was
meeting her and also her first time in the city
so I basically told her she could pick where she
wanted to eat and I would treat all of us.
However it wasn't until we were just about to leave
that I found out the place she had made a
reservation actually averaged almost $1000 per person. I thought the
most expensive places in our area were $100 per person
or a couple hundred but this seemed like way too
much to spend on one dinner, so I said no.
It was too late already to get another high-end reservation
so we ended up just going to a "normal" restaurant
that GF and I have been to before and still
had what I thought was a great dinner but that
definitely made the night a little awkward.After her sister left
my GF started acting really distant, and when I tried
to talk to her about it she accused me of
being stingy and embarrassing her, and said her sister had
really wanted to go to that restaurant and was really
disappointed we didn't get to go. She said paying $1000
for dinner on my salary was like a normal person
paying $100 on a special occasion, which is true, I
am lucky to work a tech job where I am
paid in the low-to-mid 6 figures. However my family was
solid middle class growing up and to me $3000 is
a lot of money and it seems crazy to spend
that much on one meal, even if in theory I
could afford it. I have noticed in our relationship that
me and GF have very different understandings of money as
her family did not have money growing up, so sometimes
she will spend an extra hours and hours of time
just to save little money, for example transferring buses several
times to get to the airport instead of just getting
a $20 taxi and getting there 2.5 hours faster. But
other times she will have a little bit of money
and spend it all in one go instead of saving
it.I have tried to help her become more financially literate
and she has helped me recognize different ways I have
been privileged growing up without realizing it. However I am
wondering if I should have just sucked it up and
forked over the $3000, AITA for ruining our night and
making a terrible first impression?EDIT: Please don't suggest my GF
is somehow a "gold digger", it was not her who
chose the restaurant. She doesn't even let me pay for
dinner unless she gets it next time, and is fastidious
about keeping a spreadsheet of our expenses as early in
our relationship I would try to pay for more than
my share. It was never that important to me that
our expenses be exactly 50/50, I think the point of
having money is to be able to spend it to
make the lives of those you care about easier
