I recently had a friend/coworker go missing, we’ll call him
Tony. Tony’s been acting strange and drinking heavily and it
all came to a head one day. Next day, he
disappears.  Basically police get involved and everyone’s out searching
for him. I searched from about 2AM-7PM. The entire time,
we were looking for his phone, his car, or his
body. It was an incredibly stressful situation. The entire time
I’m thinking one of my good friends is dead and
I’m gonna find his body. I still can’t get the
image out of my head. He was found by police
the next day thank god, but he definitely is not
there mentally anymore. He’s getting the help he desperately needs
now. I let hubby know I was out searching for
my missing friend with police. I wasn’t able to give
anymore details on how serious the situation was because I
was busy walking through fields and driving around searching, but
a missing friend is still pretty effing serious on its
own imo.So the search is finally called off for me
n my coworkers, it’s in the hands of the police
at this point. I go home. I am tired, dirty,
and ugly crying. I ask hubby for a hug. He
hugs me and says that he’ll let me tell him
all about it once he’s done with his ranked game.
I asked him if he could please not play rn
and that I needed him, and he responds that he’ll
talk to me once he’s done with that game because
it’s ranked and to go shower and he’ll talk to
me after we’re both done. He turns back to his
game and I shower then lay down in bed. I
call my friend. My husband then comes in later and
asks if I’m still on the phone. I say no.
He asks if I want to talk. I say no,
go play your ranked game. He says okay in the
most chipper voice and then doesn’t talk to me for
the rest of the night. I fall asleep crying alone.Next
day I text hubby and our entire convo is him
giving me short responses, which he only does when he’s
mad at me. I say we need to talk when
he gets home. When he got home we talked and
I gave him the entire details on the whole situation,
including my feelings about Tony missing and what I went
through and how my husband treated me when I got
back. I told him that him putting his game above
his very obviously distraught wife, especially after I asked him
to not play and that I needed him, was so
hurtful I couldn’t even describe it properly. I then addressed
his short responses and that idk what he could possibly
be mad at me for but that there is absolutely
no reason he has to be mad. I told him
I didn’t care if he was mad because he has
no right to be. I think that made him more
mad because he hasn’t said a word to me since.
So was I the AH in this situation and too
emotional?And second question, am I an AH for telling my
husband he has no reason to be mad at me,
that I didn’t care, and not letting him talk?
