Ok so I feel like a monster but I also
feel like I need to stand my ground here but
I don’t want to be a mega asshole.I (20f) have
a stepsister (Jane-18f) who I have known for 7 years.
We’ve had our ups and downs but ultimately, she’s family
and I would never want to intentionally hurt her. One
thing she does a lot during arguments with her mum
is say ‘well dad would let me do X’ or
‘maybe I’ll go stay with dad then’. I never met
her dad. I’ve seen him a few times but I
was never properly introduced to him. Him and Lucy (my
stepmum) had a bad breakup and she didn’t want him
to met my mum or me which I can understand
given what she’s told me about him.For the past week,
Jane had been even more irritable than usual. I tried
talking to her but she shut me out. Lucy and
mum told me she’d come around and not to pry.I
found out a few days ago that she had been
using my expensive skincare and had almost emptied a bottle
that takes me 5 months to finish, in a week.
As well as using (and almost emptying) all my other
skincare stuff. I was pissed and confronted her, telling her
to replace it. She started crying and getting angry at
me. She said I was being an ‘annoying cunt’ for
‘chasing her up on facewash’ and that I need to
leave her alone. I will admit, we both said harmful
things which I regret and I ended up saying ‘why
don’t you go live with your dad since he’ll let
you off!’. Jane’s face dropped and she said ‘my dad
died last week you cunt!’She ran and locked herself in
her room after she said that and I immediately regretted
what I said. Shortly after, Lucy and mum came home
and I explained what had happened. They both said I
needed to apologise which I agreed with. Lucy went to
talk to Jane and afterwards told me Jane would only
forgive me if I was ‘grounded’ until the New Year
and she had free range of my wardrobe (she loves
my style but can’t afford to buy clothes to fit
it at the moment). I said no to both. I
didn’t bring up her dad as a ‘gotcha he’s dead!’
moment as I didn’t know he had passed. Obviously, if
I had known I wouldn’t have said anything about it
and would have treated her outbursts/change in behaviour differently because
I know now she was grieving.Lucy and mum then said
if I won’t do those things, I should at least
drive her around to her friends, university, etc. I again
said no. We both go to different universities and the
logistics won’t work. Lucy said if I can’t make it
up to Jane, I shouldn’t expect her to forgive me.
I said I don’t need Jane’s sisterhood if it’s only
based on transactional things like car rides or clothes.Jane is
fuming with me and Lucy and mum think I'm being
petty and difficult for not 'even attempting' to patch things
up with Jane. I don't expect her to forgive me
straight away as that's not how humans work but no
apology would suffice as she doesn't want an apology, she
wants my things.So as it stands, it's 3 against 1.
And everyone at home thinks I'm a huge asshole.AITA?
