So for obvious reasons, I'll be changing everyone's names and
any identifying details. For context, my mom "Sharon" (38F) married
my stepdad "Randy" (33M) about 7 years ago. From previous
relationships, my mom has me, (17F) and my younger sister
"Shelley" (14F). Enter "Randy". He and my mom started dating
and everything was fine. About seven months in, he proposes,
they get married. We've had our fair share of troubles
like any family does. He oversteps his boundaries as a
stepparent, loses his jobs often, and has had a problem
with other women. I try to cut him slack because
people make mistakes and it’s his first time at life
too. Over the years, “Randy” always seemed to find some
stipulation that I had broken that prevented me from seeing
friends or even leaving the house sometimes. He has my
location and will call me when he believes I’m sitting
in a parked car for too long, when I’m at
someone’s house that he doesn’t know the parents of, or
if he thinks I should come home. This has obviously
happened on several occasions and has ruined countless plans because
he finds some reason that I need to be home
ASAP, even if my mom doesn’t agree. He and my
mom decided to split up indefinitely after one of these
“judgement calls”. During that time, I was actively afraid of
“Randy”, and I had frequent nightmares about him coming to
whatever house I was staying at and taking me. Things
stayed that way for a month, with his family all
on my mom’s side. Eventually, though, he and my mom
wanted to make things work. So here we are now,
back to how things have been for the past seven
years. After a debate over text with my mom, “Randy”
came unannounced to my friend’s house where I was spending
the day. He picked me up and took my phone
because I hadn’t cleaned sufficiently enough. During the car ride,
he went through my photos and messages. Like most of
my peers, I have certain photos in my hidden folder,
and that’s the first place he checks. This makes me
uncomfortable not just because they weren’t meant for him (or
anyone, really,) but also because some of the fears I’ve
had involve “Randy” doing things I can’t discuss. My mom
came into my room shortly after and assured me that
he felt bad for going through my phone, that nobody
would be invading my privacy. However, this morning I heard
them talking and “Randy” was chastising me for having those
pictures and talking to one of my exes. I want
to have a normal relationship with him, but he oversteps
boundaries and makes me uncomfortable very often. He takes control
over parenting me when my mom and I have both
expressed that we feel it does nothing but cause problems.
I don’t want to leave my mom but if I
can’t figure out how to change something, I plan on
moving out soon after I turn 18. There must be
something I’m doing to make him react like this, but
I’ve tried changing everything and it never helps. Is there
something I should be doing differently? AITAH?
