Hi! Obviously a throwaway for privacy, also am new to
posting so I hope I do this correctly!When I was
18, my dad gifted me a house with two stories.
I am extremely thankful, we are not upper class but
my dad bought this house for a cheap price a
long time ago (it was his grandmothers cousin's house). I
know that this was an extreme privilege and I am
forever grateful for this. The layout of this building is
like an apartment, but it is a house. So basically,
each story has its own separate entry, its own kitchen
and bathroom. I live upstairs while I rent out the
downstairs. My boyfriend 25m moved in with me about three
months ago and we have been together for six months.
I have not asked him for money, neither for utilities
or to pay me any rent. The only thing he
contributes to is groceries, that we split 50/50. I have
not brought up that I own the building as it
is not something I tell many people, if people ask
me I of course tell them that I own it,
but if they just assume I am a renter then
they can believe that. The topic of a landlord, the
renter downstairs or the owner of the building has not
been something we have talked about. This last Tuesday the
renter came up to tell me that her freezer has
stopped working. I answered the door and my boyfriend heard
us talking I suppose. I went downstairs to take a
look and we came to the conclusion that she would
buy a new one, send me the receipt and I
would give her the money. She was very grateful for
this solution.When I went upstairs my boyfriend asked if it
could be fixed, I told him no, but she was
going to buy a new one and I would pay
for it. He looked at me like I was crazy
and asked me why the hell I would pay for
her freezer, I told him that because I am her
landlord and the freezer was there when she started renting,
I would stand for the cost. He just asked me
if I was serious, to which I said I was.
He begun screaming at me, asking him why the hell
I would hold this information from him and that I
was an evil person. I said I was sorry for
not telling him but I did not think that it
would matter. He said he could not believe he was
together with someone who is a landlord, that all of
us just use people for money and that the only
thing “we people” care about is money and would rather
have people be homeless then offering affordable rent. (The downstairs
is 1 kitchen, 1 bath and 4 other rooms, I
charge 500 dollars in rent). I understand many people have
had trouble with landlords, but I try my best to
be a good one. He demanded that I give him
50% of the money I make from rent or else
I was just as bad as he thought.Was I really
the asshole for not telling him? He has not talked
to me since Tuesday and I have tried telling him
that I am truly sorry but he doesn’t answer me
at all.
