and going from triage to blood and urine testing etc
on a busy Saturday before Halloween. I've been having some
weird symptoms for a week or so and most friends
know this -- but an abridged version. Everyone knew that
I had an appointment the following Wednesday with a doctor.
On Friday I decided I couldn't wait for doctor appt,
and told only my husband I was going in to
the ER - he was out of town.  About
9 hours in of waiting mostly, I checked my instagram,
sent a few funny videos, and then realized I didn't
have much battery and I wanted to be able to
call a cab. S I decided no more phone, unless
husband calls or parents. About hour 10.5 a friend called
- someone who calls a little too much and is
very demanding -she texts me 30 times a day and
would talk 4 hours a day if I didn't set
boundaries --- and I thought no - I already feel
gross I don't want to talk to her right now
-- so I tried to press deny but accidentally pressed
accept so I just hung up quickly. She sent a
message and I didn't even read it I just kept
looking at the news on the tv. I finally get
called back, I see the doctor, I get a CT
scan, I check out with instructions and I have enough
battery to call an Uber. He has a cord, I
plug in my phone, text my husband, and check my
messages. My friend whose call I didn't take had sent
a frantic text -- she said "did you just hang
up on me? I need your help, some asshole isn't
paying me the $1000 he owes me" -- she wanted
me to  make a phone call for her, pretending
to be someone else, in some long ass ridiculous story.
 I texted back "hey, I have been in the
ER most of the day, I didn't read your message
till now.  I'm sorry I don't really feel like
making a call right now I hope you sorted it
out." She writes back "all you would have had to
do was explain that all you would have had to
do is text me that you were busy" I wrote
back and said "no, I didn't need to do anything
but take care of myself. I am not always available
and I didn't always get to my phone immediately." She
then said "it just seems like if you know people
are worried about you and you have time to be
on instagram that you would be able to write a
simple response--I got the insta you sent me you weren't
THAT busy."   I didn't respond. Today a week
later she texted "I guess my approach was just too
much I'm around if you need support I'll just back
off if you need me to."  I'm calling BS
on this. I don't have to answer the phone if
it's a bad time for me and I don't have
to respond or read texts either. Doesn't matter if I
am on instagram - it was 90 min earlier --
and PS even if I was currently active on insta
-- doesn't mean I have to read someone's damn text
messages. I don't have to respond even if I do
read them. What's also annoying is that last week she
bought something expensive - and this $1000 was apparently necessary
for her rent. Also freaking annoying that her lack of
planning is my emergency. While I actually am having one
of my own - sort of.
