I (24M) have been driving my friend, Pineapple (21F), to
work every day Monday through Friday since July of this
year. I don’t want to do it anymore, though. We
both got hired on at a job at the same
time, and we hit it off right away. She even
said she expected us to become best friends quickly. And
we did. When we talked more, I discovered she didn’t
have a car and would ask friends and family for
rides or just pay for Lyfts to get to work.
I knew it cost her a lot of money on
top of the bills she already had, so I offered
to drive her instead. She lives on the way to
the job from my house, so it just made since
for me to make a small detour and pick her
up in the mornings. She agreed to give me $20
each week for gas or snacks, which was WAY less
than she was paying for a single ride through Lyft.
No biggie. That is until I quit. To be fair,
I told her I understood my quitting would put her
in a really bad situation since she depended on me
to get her to work. So, I agreed to keep
taking her, which would allow us to still hangout, too.
But here lately, I’ve been getting really poor sleep and
not waking up on time. It’s caused me to be
late a bunch this last week. I actually slept through
an alarm yesterday for the first time in a while.
When I woke up and realized the time, I called
her in a panic and apologized profusely. I told her
I didn’t know what happened just that I somehow didn’t
wake up on time, and I could rush over and
grab her if she didn’t already have other means of
getting to work. She became very short with me and
said the phrase “It’s fine” quite a few times in
our conversation before ending the call. I totally understand being
upset in that moment. You expect your ride to be
there, and it didn’t show. I GET IT. But she
hasn’t spoken to me since Friday morning when it happened,
and she’s not responding to anything I’ve sent her on
TikTok like she usually does. Now I’m wondering how she
can be this mad at me when I have basically
been doing her a favor.Oh yeah. I forgot to mention.
That $20 a week - it’s only happened a handful
of times, maybe, since July. It’s now the first few
days of November. At this point she should have given
me about $300 for all of the weeks I have
driven her. I actually just checked my transaction with her
on Cash App, and found out she’s only sent me
$120. That leaves $180 that I’m still owed, and she’s
probably going to tag another $20 on it this week.I
also don’t appreciate how a lot of the time she
gets in the car and is constantly on her phone
with someone. Sometimes, she doesn’t even speak to me until
we get to her job or back to her house,
and it’s usually only long enough to say goodbye. So
not only am I giving you heavily discounted, if not
free rides, I’m also your impromptu chauffeur. Great. So much
for hanging out.So, AITA for not wanting to take my
friend to work anymore?UPDATE: She is not my friend and
I was stupid. I see that now. I want to
note that I’ve seen it a couple times where people
are suggesting there could be something romantic going on. I’m
not interested in her at all in that way. I
am married… to a man… for the last couple years.
I’m gay as the di- I mean day is long.
So anyway…Upon reading all the comments I’ve received so far,
I realized I HAVE been giving her way more than
I should’ve, and she’s not very grateful for it. But
most importantly, she isn’t really my friend. Here’s how the
conversation went this morning, and I don’t care if she
sees it now. Outing herself on a public post would
just be stupid on her part. Me: “Hey. I wanted
to let you know I can’t take you to work
anymore. It’s hurting me financially and my sleep quality and
energy are REALLY poor right now. I’m exhausted and it’s
not fair for you to have to be late because
you’re waiting on me. I hope maybe one of the
people that works there that lives near you is willing
and able to take you. I just can’t anymore.”Her:“I kinda
figured it was going to happen”[END CONVERSATION]NOT “Thanks for the
help while you could. I appreciate it.”NOT “It’s okay. I’ll
figure something out.”Nope. That’s the response I got. Still hope
she figures it out, but she is absolutely not invited
for Friendsgiving anymore. That’s for sure.  And I’m not
even going to phish for a thank you or dignify
that with a response. Thanks for the advice everyone. 
