My sister is getting married late next year after a
reaaally long engagement. Her fiancée has a large family and
she's getting a lot of pressure from his mom to
invite a tonne of people. She's going for a more
expensive venue with a smaller guest list. As a result,
she isn't inviting a lot of people's partners, including the
best man's (groom's *twin* brother) boyfriend, and my (MoH) partner
with whom I cohabitate. Initially, I was told I would
get a +1 to invite my best friend and old
college roommate who lives overseas in the UK (she spent
Christmas with us while she couldn't travel due to COVID
and her parents being healthcare workers, so she's close with
the family). Since I moved in with my partner and
my friend moved back to England, though, my +1 has
been rescinded and he has not been invited. Since people
have RSVPed 'no', I thought he might end up invited,
but he hasn't been. She's met him many times and
even stayed in our home with us.My mom (totally without
my knowledge) even offered to pay for my partner to
be at the wedding, because my parents wanted him there.
After this, my sister got in touch saying he couldn't
come at all. She cited expense (even though mom said
she'd help with it), it being a 'slippery slope', and
not wanting me to spend the whole day with him
so I could focus on her as reasons. She stated
that if she invited my partner, she'd have to invite
the best man's partner. I told her, in that case,
I understand the best man's frustration with his other half
not being there. I told her that this choice is
just going to result in people being upset and she
might just have to stomach that.She keeps saying she's scared
I'm going to hate her and that I'm adding to
the people making her feel bad about her choices, despite
the fact that she brought it up. She stated that
she thinks everyone is turning against her and she seems
to want me to take her side and be ok
with it, but I kind of just can't? I genuinely
think she's wrong to not invite long-term partners of immediate
family. She keeps asking me if I'm going to hate
her forever and I say no, I disagree but I'm
not some grudge-bearing kid, but she won't let it go.
It's like she wants me to tell her I agree
with her decision. My partner is my best friend in
the whole world, we have a dog and a whole
life together. If anyone else did this, I just wouldn't
go to the wedding. But it's my sister and I'm
the MoH, so I'm going to have to go, but
I'm kind of mad at her.I don't want to go
on about it or bring it up again, I just
won't take her side here. She's making me feel really
bad, like I'm victimising her by being upset or something?
Am I making it about me? Should I just drop
it and support her choice?TL;DR: my sister hasn't invited s/os
in immediate family to her wedding (including my and the
best man's partners) and she seems to want me to
take her side (I'm MOH). I'm worried I'm making it
about me, but I think her priorities are out of
whack and I'm not going to lie and tell her
she's in the right.
