I (34F) had a fight with my best friend (32F)
over texts to my husband (34M). I have been with
my husband "Alan" since middle school & we have both
been friends with my best friend "Rebecca" since high school,
so we have known each other for a long time.
My husband and I have a great relationship & we
don't hide things from each other. We know the other
persons passwords for phones and social media and everything and
it doesn't bother either of us if the other person
picks up our phone and starts messing with it. So
when Rebecca would text him I didn't see it as
a problem or unusual at first. It started with little
things. She would text him kinda sexual-themed memes or jokes
and that didn't bother me because he has that kinda
dark/anything is funny sense of humor. He usually showed me
her txts. Then Rebecca started sending him pictures of Dildos
and stuff that was obviously a joke thing because they
were huge or shaped weird. Then in the last couple
weeks, it got worse. She was telling him things like
she was bored with her (2nd) husband "Carter". That she
was getting on dating sites. Then she started telling him
things the guys on the sites wanted to do with
her. Then about a huge fight she had with Carter
about him spending over $300 on girls OnlyFans pages. Since
we were BFs I would call her and ask how
things were (we live far away now) but she acted
like everything was normal when she talked to me. Didn't
say she was having problems or anything. Since she didn't
bring it up I didn't say anything either. Then came
the last straw. Alan was at work and called me
one day and he said "Hey. I know this will
upset you but I didn't want it to have to
wait till later. Rebecca sent me the link to her
OnlyFans today. I told her I don't use that website
and I'm not interested and am not going to cheat,
but I thought you would wanna know." So after that
I was really pissed off. I called a few other
friends to vent and they all said I should say
something to her. So finally I texted her. I told
her that I was not ok with the kind of
stuff she was sending to Alan, or the fact that
she had sent him her OF page. That it was
not ok to be sending that kinda stuff to someone
who was married, at least not to me. Rebecca told
me that, "it sounded like a me problem". She fully
admitted to sending Alan the messages and things and that
if I had a problem with it then that was
on me. She even said she sent the same thing
to all her friends so she could get more followers
on her OF page, and the only reason she hadn't
sent it to me was that she didn't think I
was into that kinda stuff. I told her that I
was very hurt and offended by all this and that
I didn't think I could trust her anymore. Again she
said, "That's a you issue!". I was done. so I
blocked her on everything deleted her number. When I told
my husband about it he offered to delete and block
her too. I am upset because she was my oldest
friend. So AITA for blocking her?
