Hi guys! Throwaway because my husband follows my main account.My
husband (36M) and I (34F) are having out first baby
in January, and are very excited to meet him! Our
parents both live less than 10 minutes away and are
also very excited for the first grandbaby on either side
of the family, and are obviously very keen to help
us out once out little boy comes.However, we had a
disagreement earlier when discussing babysitting arrangements for when we need
a break during the sleep-deprived hellscape that are going to
be the newborn and infant stages, and I'm not sure
of whether I'm in the right or not.My MIL is
lovely, and a heck of a lady. She raised my
husband and his sisters alone after their father up and
left when my husband (the oldest) was only 7yo, and
is one of the kindest people I know. But she
is in her mid-70s, has had a knee and hip
replacement in the past year, and is still not very
mobile. She has only recently been cleared to drive short
distances, needs to use a walker or a cane 90%
of the time, and cannot get up off of a
low seat like the couch without assistance. Because of this,
I have (very nicely) told my husband that she will
most likely not be able to solo-babysit our baby until
he is older, since I honestly think that she would
not be physically able to care for an infant or
a young toddler due to her mobility issues. To me,
if she cannot stand up without assistance or move quickly
in case of an accident or emergency, there is no
way I would feel safe leaving the baby with her
for longer than 20 minutes while I have a shower
upstairs.He was offended and insists that his mom took care
of them all brilliantly when they were younger, and I
don't doubt that - but she didn't have these issues
back then. So I said that kiddo's safety is priority
#1, and if that if he wants his mom to
babysit, it needs to be with one of my parents
(who are both in their 50s, very fit and quick
on their feet) or one of his sisters  present.
She can come visit and spend time with him whenever
she wants, and I know that she is going to
be an amazing grandma, but I just do not think
it would be safe for her to be in charge
of him solo until he is a bit more independent
(probably around preschool age). My husband said he understood, but
he still looks sad, which breaks my heart (I may
or may not have been crying about this thanks to
the stupid pregnancy hormones).So, dear folks of Reddit, AITA for
putting my foot down and saying that my MIL won't
be allowed to babysit our son unassisted until he's older?Edit:
just adding that this came up because my husband mentioned
that MIL told him she can't wait to babysit our
little one right off the bat so we can get
time to ourselves and decompress, so I tried to gently
make him understand that her physical condition would make it
almost impossible to safely care for an infant on her
own. She would also need to carry our son upstairs
into the nursery to get to the changing table, which
would involve carrying him up a flight of stairs while
navigating a safety gate and our two dogs; considering that
she needs someone to help her up and down the
stairs in case she trips, this would be extremely dangerous.Edit
2: she has recovered from her hip replacement really well,
but the knee replacement has been trickier, and she is
still struggling 6 months on. It unfortunately does not help
that she is really heavy and has not exercised in
decades with the exception of very light PT post-op, so
she still heavily relies on her cane on good days,
and her walker on bad ones. She literally cannot walk
more than 10 metres without leaning on something, and has
had two falls in the past 18 months.
