Okay so here it is:    I have
a half-brother whom is older than me and my full
brother. I was at said half brothers house (let’s call
him Luke) and out of no where he said “you
know I’m getting 1/3rd right” meaning he’s saying he’s gonna
get 1/3rd of inheritance.    My dad is
getting very sick and may pass soon and Luke has
always been a very greedy and self absorbed person. He
just got inheritance from his moms side and his wife’s
mom who had a half million dollar home.  
  It pissed me off when he brung this
up because I don’t even want to think about my
dad passing, so I told my mom (who went in
half on the house from the start) and it pissed
her off too. Luke has always been jealous of my
mom and doesn’t treat her like a mom even though
his blood mother is a piece of shit. My mom
made sure he had presents under the tree when he
was younger and tried her best with him, meanwhile his
blood mom just wanted to go party and didn’t gaf
as long as she was drunk/high    Mom
said she isn’t leaving him shit and not to stress
it. I’m just scared that it’s gonna cause a rip
in the family when the time comes. Will I be
the asshole if I follow through with what my mom
said and don’t let him get shit besides maybe some
sentimental items.    Context; the inheritance I will
receive and share with full blood brother will be around
750k-1millEDIT: My mom and dad were low income at one
point in time. They worked their ass off to get
what we have. My blood mom didn’t marry my dad
when he had assets. They did it together. So my
mom has just as much of a say in the
will as my dad does. There are MANY instances of
his greed and BS he has put me my mom
AND our dad through. His love for money overshadows family.
I never once thought about inheritance until he started bringing
it up out of the blue to make it known
he’s getting some. Also married his girlfriend of 7 years
3 days after her WEALTHY mom died. He was gonna
construct a prenup as he talked to me about it
before but for some reason that was never made when
he married in a hurry. Look: I don’t care if
he gets some stuff but for him to sit here
and want us to struggle while he’s basically a millionaire
due to his dirty tactics is fucked up. This wouldn’t
be a problem if he was a decent human being
that wasn’t focused solely on money. I would give up
my money if it were to cause my dad to
be with me for the rest of my life. But
that’s not gonna happen. Thanks for everyone’s input. But please
don’t be berating me. Also mom isn’t greedy because it’s
mostly hers to start with so don’t be coming in
here calling her greedy please. She is the nicest human
being I have ever met and I would love to
be half the person she is. Love to you all.
