I (26M) have been with my girlfriend Kelly (25F). For
almost 5 years. A year and a half ago, my
friend, Maverick (25M) got engaged to his fiancée Brittany (25F).I
have been friends with Maverick for over 10 years. Maverick
and I went to high school together and our families
and us were very close. Maverick is in the military
now and we don’t talk as much, but I still
consider him a good friend.When Kelly and I started dating,
Maverick was dating a girl named Ashley (24F). Kelly and
Ashley became very close. Maverick broke up with Ashley 2
years later and Kelly was sad she wouldn’t be seeing
Ashley regularly, but still wanted to be friends. Very shortly
(a few days) after Maverick broke up with Ashley, he
started hooking up and then started dating Ashley’s roommate at
the time. Kelly found out and called Ashley, and Ashley
was crushed. A month after they started dating, Maverick had
us meet Brittany. Kelly was upset that this was Ashley’s
roommate and she FaceTimed Ashley when she was around Brittany
to make her feel bad.  After this, Kelly was
very upset with Maverick and sent him a series of
messages saying she lost respect for him and some mean
things about Brittany. I think Kelly  went too far
and wasn’t happy that she got involved. Kelly did end
up apologizing to Maverick.Since these incidents 3 years ago, we
have not seen Brittany again. We have heard from others
that Brittany is controlling about who Maverick sees, and she
has refused to see us every time they have been
in town. Maverick doesn’t live in town anymore so I
don’t see him all the time, but we have hung
out 1-3 times a year when he visits our city.
Kelly has seen him once since this incident and was
civil and friendly to Maverick.Maverick and Brittany announced that they
are getting married about 6 months ago. I found out
that their wedding is the same day as Kelly’s birthday.
Kelly has been nervous for months that she wouldn’t be
invited, but I assured her that Maverick wouldn’t do that.
I got a save the date about 6 weeks ago.
It was only addressed to me, but I didn’t think
that was weird. I texted Maverick and asked if I
had a date, but he didn’t reply. I used their
wedding website to RSVP about a week ago, and I
was able to enter Kelly’s name as well. Yesterday, Maverick
texted me and said that he does not want Kelly
at their wedding. He said that based on what happened
with the girls that he and Brittany are not comfortable
with Kelly being there.Kelly is crushed. She wants to be
with me on her birthday and has a tough relationship
with her birthday. Additionally, we got into a very big
fight 2 years ago because I went to a family
wedding without her. AITA for not going to my friend’s
wedding because my girlfriend isn’t invited?
