I (36F) have been friends with a guy (48M), we
will call him Rob, for years. He’s a very wealthy
and successful guy, does very well for himself, and has
no kids, never been married before, etc. He is a
serial dater and his goal is to date the hottest
girls he can. He spends sometimes thousands on them every
week in buying them gifts, dinners, and straight up giving
them cash.  It’s his thing and one of the
ways he likes to spend his money. Whatever floats his
boat, his life, his money, I don’t judge and if
he’s happy then I’m happy for him. However, recently, he
went through an awful breakup that sent him spiraling and
I was there every day and night to talk to
him on the phone, offer him advice, read his sometimes
over a hundred messages a day and otherwise console him.
We’re talking hours every day that I was spending on
him and it went on for weeks. Quite honestly, it
was exhausting after awhile and there was definitely a lot
of trauma dumping going on. I am a single mom
who works full time and I don’t always have a
lot of free time or mental energy but I did
my best to support him. He recently invited me out
to dinner saying that he “owes me” for all of
the support I’ve given him, so we went out to
a really nice restaurant and had a nice dinner, until
the end.The check arrived and he stated “Alright, we’re splitting
this thing.” I was shocked, as he wanted this dinner
and invited me! When I questioned him and also informed
him that I had to pay $100+ to a babysitter
to be able to go out with him, he insisted
that he’s not paying for me, that we are just
friends. I’m able to support myself and my kids obviously
but going out is a treat because of how costly
everything gets, $100 is a lot for me.I sent him
my half and left shortly after, somewhat upset, as I
felt blindsided by this and also felt that he should’ve
treated, given the fact that he invited me and also
because he makes exponentially more than me and knows my
struggles sometimes as a single mom. AITA for being upset
with him? Would love some insight before I confront him.tl/dr:
Wealthy friend made me pay half of the expensive dinner
bill even though he invited me to the dinner and
he knows what a financial burden it is for me
to go out. AITA for being upset?
