TW: >!mention of death!<Hello all, long time lurker, first time
poster. My(29F) husband(29M) died in a work accident earlier this
year. A colleague of his (let’s call her Mel, 27F)
rallied and stood by my side from the moment I
was informed of his disappearance and eventual demise. We became
fast friends.Fast forward a few months later, we encouraged Mel
to date my brother (we’ll call him John, 29M) and
they’ve been on the love speed train ever since. Two
weeks ago, they announced that they will be getting engaged
on the first anniversary of my husband’s death, as it
is also Mel’s birthday.They asked me after if I would
be okay with it, but the announcement and question caught
me offguard and I told them “I don’t know how
to feel about it right now, but if you’re adamant
then I can’t really stop you I guess. However, I
will not be attending as it will most likely be
a tough day for me.” I really do want to
celebrate their engagement, but I’m pretty sure my feelings are
going to be very raw on that day and I
wouldn’t have it in me to even put on a
fake smile. Now that I’ve had some time to think
and relay to the rest of our friend group, they
are appalled and think that Mel and John deciding to
get engaged on that particular day is tone deaf, and
especially so on the first anniversary of my husband’s death,
given that they both knew him, and my brother was
very close to him. My friends and siblings have all
said they will not be celebrating the engagement. My husband
was extremely well loved and his is a massive loss
to alot of people.I agree with them that it is
tone deaf, and frankly am quite hurt that my brother
doesn’t even care that I will not be attending his
engagement or celebrating it. We are the same age, months
apart, but we might as well be twins attached at
the hip. If the roles were reversed, I would not
even consider the date out of respect. My friends and
the rest of my siblings think that I’m under reacting
to the situation.WIBTA if I put my foot down and
told them not to get engaged on that day? I
certainly do not want my husband’s death to hang over
everyone’s head like a dark cloud forever, but is it
unreasonable to ask for the first anniversary to be reserved
for mourning him?
