For Christmas, my (30f) husband (30m) and I are hosting
my parents, my brother Chris (34m), his wife Amy (33f),
their two sons (6&4), my sister Lucia (27m), and her
boyfriend Alex (30m). The background to all this is that
Amy complains about every gift she is given by any
of us. Every Christmas she makes faces and snide remarks
about the things she’s gifted. For example, last year we
(me and my husband) gifted Amy and Chris a joint
present of an expensive coffee maker, which is the same
one we have at home that Chris loved when they
visited. Amy’s only remark - not even a thank you
- was “oh well this isn’t really for me is
it”, and then to make a great show of being
annoyed that she didn’t get a separate gift. A few
days ago, Amy included the whole family on a group
email with a Christmas list for her and the kids,
saying that she would only accept gifts from this list.
On her list was expensive perfumes, links to expensive clothing
items, and designer handbags. I was livid. My parents were
offended as well but didn’t want to say anything to
Amy but I wasn’t going to hold back in the
face of what I felt was grossly entitled behaviour.I replied
to Amy’s email saying I wouldn’t be purchasing anything on
that list and that if she wanted to shop for
a Louis Vuitton wallet I was happy to put her
in touch with my saleswoman. I also said that if
she didn’t like what she received for Christmas she was
welcome to just leave it at my house. Chris blew
up at me saying Amy was just trying to make
everything easier for everyone by giving suggestions. I disagree and
told him I think Amy was just trying to find
a sneaky way to get a few things she normally
can’t afford for free, which in my opinion is not
in the spirit of Christmas and I think she’s being
extremely childish.My parents think I shouldn’t have said anything but
Lucia says I absolutely should have because she wasn’t going
to be spending hundreds on Amy’s Christmas list either. Was
I the AH for not going along with it?EDIT: 1.
For everyone asking, yes Amy drinks coffee and uses the
coffee machine.2. No, she and Chris do not gift anyone
anything of them value of the items on her list.
Chris does the Christmas shopping and our family is it
big on adult gifting, we buy big things for the
kids but we tend to get each other things like
Christmas hampers (for couples), jumpers, I bought my mum a
teapot one year, things like that. Certainly nothing in the
price range Amy put on her list. 
