I, 32F is besfriends since highschool with 32M about 15
to17 yrs.. He's getting married and told me offhand repeatedly
I will be abridesmaid (about 6 months before the wedding
and alsoif i remember correctly when he told me he
proposed.)However, 2 months prior to the wedding when he said
Ishould take a vacation leave from work (his wedding ison
a wednesday) to save the date, i asked him if
lm still abridesmaid and he said no because his fiancee
wil choosethe bridesmaid part of the entourage and he will
takecare of the grooms men. I was a bit hurt
but ultimately Iunderstand until i received an invitation and saw
that 2gay friends of the bride is also part of
the entourage whichthey called bridesmen. I felt like he lied
because the bride was able to have 2 bridesmen why
couldnt he have 1 groomswoman? It felt like I wasnt
worth the discussion. In the end, they have 4 groomsmen
3 bridesmaid and 2 bridesmen. To make things worse, his
wedding is a out of town which will cause me
money (dress, shoes wedding gift and even transportation) christmas is
around the corner which means bills and I am also
have to pay tuition january because I want to take
my up masters. I knew the cost before hand and
I was willing to spend money when I thought I
was a bridesmaid. Now that I feel like the friendship
wasnt worth it for him, Im thinking Is he still
worth spending this huge amount of money? Going would also
mean that I would see my old HS classmates which
Im dreading because I felt like my life just started
going downhill (uglier and fatter feeling stuck kn my job)
since highschool especially after my separation with my HS boyfriend
(he's not invited to tbe wedding)My friend the groom imvited
1 college friend we have that he didnt initially want
to invite just so I have someone to go with.Still,
i feel like I dont want to go to the
wedding. I dont feel like ill enjoy myself especially when
I see the entourage and I would feel like I
wasnt enough (im already having a middle life crisis). 
Im still a bit torn though because I know it
will hurt him but he's hurt me as well. I
felt like our friendship wasnt enough to gain a seat
on the entourage.  WIBTA?Thank you all on advance for
your thoughts 💙
