I (17m) have a younger sister (13f). We both like
video games. I have a gaming laptop that my grandparents
bought me for my birthday during lockdown. Ever since I
got that I have bought my  own games for
it. I have a bunch of different games but I
love farming sims. One just released a few days ago
and another one releases in a week or two. My
sister learned about their existence a couple of days ago
and saw I had the one that just released and
she wanted to play it too. My parents said I
should let her play the copy I bought and I
refused. They said they are not going to buy games
that I already paid for. I told them that means
she won't get to play them so. They said it's
no big deal. Just let her play.I know people will
wonder why I'm so against the idea and it's for
two reasons.1. Our parents have always spoiled my sister. She
was the apple of their eye from the time she
was born and she always gets so much more than
me from them. It's something my grandparents spoke out against
on several occasions and when we were small my parents
actually went no contact with them for almost two years
because they didn't like being called out on how differently
they treat us. My parents have always gone above and
beyond to give her what she wants. I rarely get
a want. They take care of my needs. But I'm
not going to sit and appreciate that when they can
meet all of her wants normally.2. My sister, because she's
spoiled, can take stuff over. If I'm watching TV and
she asks to watch one episode of something, that's just
code for get out because I'm watching TV now. There's
a desk in my parents office for us to do
homework and she will sit in it and do other
stuff even when I would like to use it. When
I ask to sit there she says no. Another time
my uncle and his family came over and they brought
their Switch stuff. My sister basically claimed it as hers
for the day and the rest of us got no
look in. My uncle was pissed about that too. In
the past my parents made me share my gym bag
and she still has it.Because of all that I will
never give her the chance to take over my games/my
laptop (because chances are that would be next. My sister
begged me for the chance to play for a little
while and I said no. My parents said I needed
to share with her and again my answer was no.
They yelled and called my grandparents and they said I
should be allowed to decide she can't play with the
stuff I buy. My parents said I'm behaving like a
real brat and what's worse is I'm keeping her from
the girly games I buy and they make more sense
for her than for me.AITA?
