Hey Reddit, long time reader first time posting. I'm posting
from my phone, so please forgive me. I (38F) have
two kids (13M & 13F) with my (38M) husband. We
living on a military base, which is admittedly relatively safe
but not perfect, in a neighborhood surrounded by woods and
water. With the kids being a bit older and the
relative safety of the neighborhood, we let our kids explore
and play with their friends outside with little to no
oversight. They're good kids with great grades and never get
into trouble, and they always have their phones on them
(which I check their location on occasionally so I know
where they are.) Yesterday my daughter was with her friend
who lived right behind us and walked home around 7pm.
At the same time, my son walked home a girl
and her little sister (3 blocks away) with his best
friend. My daughter is sitting with us in the living
room and sees a Snap from my son that he
is getting a ride from a police officer. I asked
her what she was talking about, and she explains that
an officer pulled up to her and her friend asking
if they wanted rides. She didn't feel comfortable and said
no thank you, but apparently my son and his friends
hopped in the car. I tried to call my son
and he didn't answer, so I jumped in the car
and went the 3 blocks to the girl's house. By
then, the officer was gone, the girls were inside and
my son and his friend were on their way back
to our block. I made sure the friend got home
and told my son not to get into cars with
strangers ("But he's an officer and he gave us candy!"),
especially without letting us know where he is. The whole
time I'm speaking, my husband is mocking me. So my
kids make jokes too. Both kids finally said they knew
better and wouldn't do it again, but their dad and
I got into it bc he said I was overreacting.
 I called the PMO office and as I told
the story, the officer on the phone sounded mortified and
kept apologizing. He asked for details about who the officer
was, and said he'd take care of it. My friends
are going both ways on my reaction. Most of the
men think I'm crazy bc not only is he an
officer but he is a military PMO. The moms agree
with me. Everyone thinks being in the military makes you
above reproach and many are but we all have known
Marines and Sailors who have gotten busted for child p***
and domestic abuse. So, AITA for reporting the officer for
this?Tldr: Reported an officer for driving around my neighborhood picking
up kids at night without telling their parents.
