Hey guys. So I’m pretty certain that I’ve made up
my mind regarding this matter, but I’m dreading the guilt
trip I’m going to get from my family. My parents
are approaching their older years and I refuse to care
for them when they permanently become unable to care for
themselves. I’m currently caring for my mother right now for
a couple of months while she recovers from an injury,
and it sucks. I’m so resentful and it has further
cemented my refusal to ever do this again.For context, I
was raised in a very volatile household. My parents fought
everyday, and as a result I have a multitude of
mental health issues, including BPD and anhedonia. My dad is
a pos narcissist who made everyday hell for us, between
screaming his head off or verbally putting us down. Though
my father was the main contributor to my shitty childhood,
my mom was also neglectful emotionally because she didn’t have
the emotional strength nor gaf about us kids to do
something about it and leave. As a result, my siblings
and I are riddled with anxiety, struggle to relax and
received nearly no assistance from my parents financially or emotionally.
Fast forward to now, my dad who never gave a
fuck before suddenly came into some money and now he’s
a big shot. He tries to give me a bill
here and there and take me to lunch, but it
means nothing to me. I had to ream him verbally
last year to get him off his narcissistic pedestal and
for constantly putting everyone and anything else above his children.
I’m not proud of how I spoke to him, but
at least he’s not a prick to me anymore because
he knows I will do it again in a heartbeat.
My mother struggles with substance use and mental health issues.
A week before her accident, she was calling me a
bitch under her breathe because I accidentally threw something valuable
away when I was cleaning her disgusting home that I’m
forced to rent a room out of so I can
help her raise my sister. Both of my parents are
disgusting human beings and I hate them.I cannot care for
my parents long term when the time comes because they
don’t deserve it and I honestly think I’m too resentful
to be sympathetic towards their needs. When my siblings and
I were helpless children, we needed comfort, a safe space
to thrive, and to be cared for outside of simply
housing us. When I was growing up, I caught onto
the fact that my parents were too caught up in
their own shit to care for us kids, so I
didn’t bathe for a month to see if they would
notice. They didn’t. I know that’s gross but I was
a kid and needed to understand my shitty family dynamic
somehow.I’ve dedicated so much of my life to being an
emotional punching bag for my parents and helping out with
my siblings. I’m saving up to leave the state and
once I have enough saved I’m never looking back. In
your opinion, AITA or are my feelings justified? Also, if
you’ve had a similar dilemma I’d love to hear your
thoughts and how your situation turned out for you. Thanks
for reading.
