I just moved from Texas with little possessions so I’m
in the living space fairly often. I’ve let him know
that I’m trying to get a job and a tv
and stuff for my room so I can help it
feel like im not taking over the space. He made
a comment the first few weeks in the place, saying
“I have a problem with how much you’re here” and
asked wouldn’t I want to go outside since it’s a
new area. Which, I actually go out quite often here
and even more than I did in my old state
of residence. He apologized for how he brought that up,
but now there’s another issue.He said that he jsut wants
an hour or so on weekends to himself to unwind.
I said great, just let me know what you need
and I’ll happily oblige. Well, last weekend on Halloween he
texted me while playing games (I talk loud with both
ears on so have been trying to take one ear
off to hear myself better) that he’s trying to sleep.
Easy, I said I’ll keep it down and even logged
off 10 minutes later. Fast forward to this weekend/last night,
and I start hearing really loud music coming from my
big bass speaker in the living space. My roomie was
in his room so I thought it was a mistake
and turned it off. He comes in there huffing and
saying “I can hear you in there so I’m just
reciprocating.” I figured he would turn it down eventually cause
he knows I stress about noise with neighbors. But nah.
I told him he could bring my speaker in his
room but he said he could hear it from there..Kept
it up and I ended up unplugging it from the
wall. He then unplugged my Xbox from the tv and
said I can’t have the tv anymore. It’s super old
and scratched up but all I had and had planned
on saving money by using it when it is replaced
in living space. Planning on just making my room a
sanctuary and avoiding my roomie while refraining from feeding in
to the “reciprocation cycle.” I told him when he apologized
for the other thing that I prefer communicating better before
things get out of hand. This is my answer, I
guess. Anyone have advice? I clean after myself, go to
bed at a reasonable hour, am cool with guests he
brings and really feel like me existing is just not
ok with him.
