For context I 38 female got engaged to my now
husband last June. My mother has never supported me and
was indifferent to the proposal which I had no problem
with. At my wedding my husband's parents made a beautiful
speech that brought me and my husband to tears. When
my father and mother got onto the platform my heart
sunk as I had the understanding this speech would have
nothing to do with me or my relationship. My mother
and my older sister had been in a car accident
when I was 12 and my sister had not made
it. It was heartbreaking my mother, my father and I
had grieved ever since that day and I will never
forget my beautiful sister Adelaide and her beautiful smile. My
mother had it the worst of us and separated herself
from me and my father ever since and our relationship
has been in shambles. She constantly makes every day even
MY birthday about Adelaide which always annoyed me slightly but
I always rubbed it off as I wanted to be
a good daughter. But my wedding day was the last
straw. When she got to the top of the platform
she proceeded to take the mic from my dad and
make a speech about how her one wish in life
was to see Adelaide get married and live a beautiful
life she went on about her grieving process and healing
journey at a yoga retreat not once mentioning my name
or my finances. She spoke for about 5 minutes and
then in tears ended the speech with "now my sarah
gets to live the life adelaide deserved but was taken
away from  to soon". I was absolutely furious but
I did not want to ruin the day or let
her get the best of me so I didn't make
a scene but I did not clap either and nor
did my fiance. After the wedding I did not approach
her or even speak to her for weeks I figured
she understood why but yesterday evening she came to me
and my fiances apartment demanding answers I laughed in her
face and told her she should know that speech was
not acceptable at my wedding and I wish for her
to apologize she refused so I just shut the door.
My phone is blowing up with calls from both sides
of my family. My fiances family completely supports me but
most of my family is in their words disgusted by
my actions  am I the asshole.
