My boyfriend of 5 years and I have trouble splitting
financials. We earn roughly the same, however he has the
upper hand and decides when he wants to get his
wallet out to offer to pay for something, or not.If
he gets his wallet out, then i know he's paying.
If he doesn't get his wallet out, then i know
i'm paying.My issue is that he chooses the cheapest things
to pay for, and leaves me to pay for the
expensive things. It feels like he constantly feels shorted by
me and is always trying to make up for it.
Like he genuinely believes that i'm shafting him, yet i've
kept a tally to try to reassure myself i'm not
being delusional, and i always spend more than him.Recently, we
were on holiday. Holidays are stressful for me due to
all of the meals out that he will inevitably not
get his wallet out for, as he will insist on
paying for our breakfasts. I have asked if we could
please both pool together $200 each and spend from a
mutual fund when we go abroad so i don't have
to carry this financial stress when we're spending my money,
but he's refused to compromise with this.We were on holiday
and we walked past a sweet shop. He looked at
me and said... 'shall we get you some sweets?'. I
thought it was really kind, and i excitedly went into
the sweet shop to choose something. I chose something modest
as from my understanding, he was paying. He told me
to choose more, so i chose 1 extra thing. In
total it came to $7.At the till, low and behold,
the cashier said it was $7, and he did his
usual routine of just not getting his wallet out and
looking at me. I simply stared back at him. It
was incredibly awkward, and the cashier asked again for $7.
I told him i thought he offered to buy me
these sweets? He told me to pay for them!! I
was in utter shock and stormed out of the shop.
I was absolutely furious and so embarrassed. I refuse to
speak to him since and need time to cool off
and get some perspective.It's not about the sweets. It's not
about the $7. I'm so furious with this dynamic, and
with him not communicating financial in advance and then just
forcing me to pay whenever he doesn't fancy it.AITA?
