I 16f found out my dad was having a 10+
year long affair and has 2 sons as a result.
I told my mum a week after i found out
and two days later my beloved grandmother passed away. Thats
where my life started to crumble. Ever since then ive
been ignoring the subject, trying to stay out of it.
This morning however my mum was telling me how my
father got a call from his mistress, and that he
started lying to her how he lied to my mum.
Essentially he just did a 180 with my mum and
mistress, with my mum knowing the truth and mistress being
deceived literally he just fliped who knew the truth and
who is being lied to. Btw he still has not
broken up with either of them. I called him out
infront of my mum, calling him an asshole who cannot
face the consequences of his actions. Im pretty sure my
mum told my dad abt what i said and now
he wants to have a chat with me. I know
he is extremely manipulative and as instinct i fall at
his whim. As kid i listen to everything he says
and for the longest time we were all just his
puppets in his little play. Ive had enough and im
desperate for my mum to see that he is just
some manipulative asshole that cannot seems to get out of
the mess he created but the thought of having a
conversation with him just irks me. I already know what
hes gonna say, that hes sorry, he regrets it, he
cant go back, he wants his sons, he has no
feelings for the mistress, his actions was a reflection of
peer pressure all the typical cheating  talk. I just
want him to perish from my life. I already have
enough problems, dealing with the loss of my main supporter,
my lifes dedication to make my grandmother proud. Some of
his words at the funeral made me hate him even
more, you can say it was a misunderstanding in his
part but it didnt need to be if he were
anything but a money hungry selfish ass. My heart aches
for my grandfather, you can say that he and my
grandma raised me to be who i am. To be
as strong as i am today. In the background ive
been unstable these past few days, ive had a total
of 3 breakdowns just this weekend and i cant get
myself to talk to him. I have already fallen back
from my studies due to his actions. I cant even
grieve in peace. I dont need more. ps my dad
lives with his mistress full time, my mum was and
is constantly lied to about his whereabouts but it mostly
because of work he is never home. i act completely
normal when i see my dad, never even spoken about
this cheating subject.edit: as for cutting contact, i come from
a small town thats quite conservative. cutting ties would be
difficult as he knows exactly where to find me. i
do plan on cutting contact after highschool and studying abroad
though. 
