Me (21m) and my girlfriend (21f) have been together for
around 1.5 years, and we have an amazing relationship. We
met through my childhood friend (21f) as they went to
senior high school together. When me and my now girlfriend
(we can call her T) started talking, my friend (we
can call her K) thought we would make a cute
couple, and was very supportive. But as things moved along
and it started to get more serious between us, K
started to talk shit about me to T, as in
a way to change her opinion about me. As time
went me and T became closer and both decided that
we wanted our relationship to grow. K then thought we
betrayed her after she “changed her mind” about us meeting.
Both me and T tried during 1 months time to
talk to K about it, and we both suggested that
the 3 of us should sit down and have a
chat together to solve things before they escalate, to which
K replied that “she didn’t want to meet both of
us together”. But when I spoke to K about it
alone she started blaming T for the situation, and when
T spoke to her about it alone she blamed it
on me, she doesn’t see herself in this problem that
she created. (This goes on till this day!)Me and T
decided to put ourselves first for once and decided to
engage in a relationship. We both met with K afterwards,
but not together. Everything seemed fine between all of us
until I started to hear from a mutual friend that
she had started to talk shit about us. We tried
again after a few months to solve it with K,
but all she told us was that she was feeling
mentally unstable. T asked her what we could do to
help her, to which she simply replied “Break up”. This
is just one of the things K has said about
us, there is a lot more. But to simplify it,
K wants us to believe that her mental health problems
is because of mine and T’s relationship. But when I
ask our mutual friends about it, they said that K
doesn’t care about our relationship, but that I am the
problem because I “betrayed her”, when she never said to
me or T that she had a problem with us
meeting until both me and T had fallen in love.Now
things have escalated. K and I have a lot of
mutual friends from High school we both hang out with
sometimes. K still thinks she is the victim and has
talked shit to everyone about me and T.I wrote to
K a couple of days ago, giving it one last
chance to solve the problem. It took her 4 days
to open my message on Snapchat (but she had sent
pictures to T during all 4 days on Snap where
she looked mad). Then she left me on read for
1 day, and then she answered “I don’t have time
to read or answer your text right now, I’ll write
to you when I have time”. LIKE AN ANSWERING MACHINE!Am
I the asshole here or does anyone have advice on
what I should do? Neither me or T sees her
as a close friend anymore, but since we have mutual
friends we don’t want any problems with her.
