I know the title sounds HORRENDOUS but let me add
context.I (21m) have been dating my bf (22m) for almost
a year. I'm british but have been raised in Spain
and he's spanish born and bread. Here in Spain the
spanish don't celebrate Christmas day itself, but celebrate Christmas eve
instead. It's exactly the same as Christmas day just the
night before. Big dinner, presents at night, drinks etc. And
then they also celebrate kings day (jan 6th) as if
it were Christmas day. Since my family and I are
british, we've always celebrated Christmas day itself and Christmas eve
was just a night for kids to get excited about
getting presents the following morning. I've only met my MIL
and BIL, I haven't met my bf's aunts, uncles, cousins
etc etc. But knew I'd be meeting them on Christmas
eve since I agreed to spend it with his family,
as every time I've dated a spanish person we've always
done Christmas eve with their family, Christmas day with mine.
I recently found out that this year my family have
all made their own plans for Christmas (sister going on
holiday, brother doing his own thing, my mum with her
boyfriend etc) and since Christmas day is kind of hard
for me (my dad died a few years ago and
I would spend every Christmas with him and his side
of the family) I thought it would be cute to
have a Christmas day just for me and my boyfriend.
When I brought it up, he seemed a bit surprised,
and said that if there were no plans he'd rather
spend Christmas day with his family. I mentioned that they
don't actually celebrate the day, and that we were going
to be with them on Christmas eve, new years eve,
kings day, etc etc and it was going to be
uncomfortable for me as I was going to be surrounded
by people I don't know who are going to be
getting drunk (I have terrible social anxiety and my father
was an alcoholic so it's a really bad mix of
feelings) and his mother already wasn't very keen on me
(she's very possessive of my bf ever since her husband
died and sort of dislikes me for "taking him away
from her") and that I think it would be quite
sweet to have a day just for us. He said
that if my family didn't have any plans he didn't
see it fair to miss out being with his, and
I finally said that since its a hard day for
me and I didn't think it was very fair that
I be uncomfortable with a family I don't know for
two days straight and every holiday after, that he could
go and I'd spend it with my friends. He thinks
I'm being selfish, but I think he is. AITA?
