For context, Odie (28f) is my oldest sister and Elias
(36m)is her husband, is my middle sister Anne (25f), and
me (23m) is the youngest.A few years back, Odie received
a large sum of money from a settlement at work.
On top of this, Elias is an ER doctor. They
share a crazy nice and expensive apartment, go on a
few trips each year, and don’t have any kids and
don’t plan on having kids so between everything, they’re quite
well off.Anne isn’t doing as well as Odie and Elias,
she’s a single mom and has had a hard time
keeping jobs due to her short fuse. Our parents have
full custody of one of Anne’s kids, but Anne has
a 5 month old daughter and just recently found out
she is again pregnant.Recently, our parents have started trying to
get custody of Anne’s 5 month old. Since our parents
are working class, Odie and Elias gave my parents the
money for the lawyer. Once all this got into motion,
Anne was immediately at Odies door begging for money for
a lawyer. Odie is a very sweet person and has
a very hard time saying no to people. Elias makes
up for this with his assertive personality so when he
sees Odies struggling, he is very quick to say “no
she’s not interested, she’s being polite.” Which is exactly what
happened in this situation. Anne didn’t take this well and
said that she was asking Odie and Odie said she
agreed with her husband. They argued and it got to
the point where Elias nearly called the police to get
Anne out of their house.Skip forward a couple weeks and
Odie got really sick after an ovarian cyst ruptured (I
think) and she needed surgery to remove the cyst? (I
think that’s what happened, that sort of thing makes me
squeamish so I wasn’t listening that well. Bottom line: she
got sick and had surgery.)A few days later, her husband
was back at work and my mom was with Odie
for the day but my mom went to Bible study
and Elias was expected to be home soon, he was
just getting some groceries. This was when Anne came over
and started asking Odie for money again. Odie was trying
to get her to leave to avoid any conflict but
Anne wouldn’t and it took Elias coming home  and
calling the police to get Anne to leave.Anne then came
to me and explained her half of the situation to
see if I could help. I went to Elias and
did my best and he explained their half of the
story, still I pressed for Anne because she just wants
to keep her child and it’s only fair that they
give her money for a lawyer if they gave my
parents money for a lawyer and I said it’s not
like they don’t have the money to give. He said
no again so I asked to talk to Odie who
was sleeping and Elias just said he thought I was
better than that and told me to leave. Odie hasn’t
spoken to me since or answered my messages.AITA for trying
to stand up for Anne?
