My older sister (38f) and I (30f) have been bumping
heads a lot. She continues to make comments about my
lifestyle. Usually I just ignore or let it slide but
I for once I addressed my concerns with her. She
has this perception I’m RICH because I hussle for my
money and enjoy it . I work hard to play
hard . I make about 150k a year. I take
2 two week vacations a year, 2 vacations with my
family which includes her as well. Anywho I work two
jobs, volunteer, take my nieces out weekly, recently adopted a
dog. I’m really humble and don’t brag about myself. I
went to visit my parents (my whole family lives together
except me)Anywho, her 7 year old daughter (my niece) said
some really inappropriate things to me out of nowhere when
I was talking to my mom ex. I’m a snitch,
I can’t be trusted, I can’t get pregnant because my
uterus doesn’t work (not true), I’m a lair. My mom
and I were flabbergasted by what she said and my
niece said her mom told her that stuff about me.
My niece didn’t say these things angry. She said them
pretty happy just for context. When I tried to address
my sister (her mom) she told me her daughter made
it up. I told her that is not true as
I work with children for a living and the words
she is saying it is from you. Definitely not made
up. My sister cussed me out and threw me out
her room. Accused me of treating her like a patient.
I just asked her “Where is this anger towards me
coming from?” She confirmed she said those things about me
to her daughter because she can. I said - I
am just trying to have a conversation to understand. She
proceeded to say I have life so easy, everyone can’t
be a “Megan Markle”, I’m the favorite child, vacation whenever
and have everything on a silver platter . So I
told her . I notice you been so unkind to
me but for the record I work hard. While you
are laying in bed right after work sleep or on
Facebook or tik tik just strolling - I’m still working
creating the life I want. You have your masters degree
in accounting refusing to get a cpa choosing to work
for $18 an hour job that is leaving you broke
because you didn’t want to apply yourself out of pure
laziness. Your choice not mine. I left her room and
went back to my parents room . I was irritated.
AITAH calling my sister lazy and broke?
