Hello everyone. So, this one will be a bit long,
but here’s my situation. My friends and I usually don’t
do any parties in New Year’s and spend it at
home with our families. This year however, I (23M) have
decided to throw out one the 30th of December at
my house in the countryside. The house is relatively far,
and the party is predicted end really late, so it
is expected that my friends will spend the night. I
would love to invite many friends (20 ideally), but I
estimate I can fit around 10 people, maybe 12 if
we push it. I made a list of friends that
I wanted to invite for sure: 8 friends from university,
my girlfriend and me. In my university group, there are
3 couples, not including me and my girlfriend. We initially
became friends with only one of the persons of each
couple, but they introduced the rest to their couples to
us 5 years ago. Ever since, we frequently do plans
such as this one with them, so they have become
good friends to all of us. I also made a
list of extended friends from our group that we don’t
see as often, but I would like to invite as
well, in case I manage to get some space or
someone can’t join. I also included my friend’s (23M) new
“boyfriend” (19M) (they are not officially dating, but pretty much
he is). They started going out a couple of months
ago, but since I am studying abroad, I have only
met him briefly, so I haven’t formed a close bond
with him yet. The others in the group have had
a similar level of interaction with him or none. The
issue came up when I told my friend about the
plan, the lack of space, and how there’s other people
that I would like to invite but I’m not sure
it will be possible. He complained he was receiving a
different treatment from the others, because “everyone was going with
their couples except for him”. I argued that I am
not inviting my friends AND their couples, rather I’m inviting
my friends. After 5 years, everyone considers them friends, and
not just “couples of our friends”. I also added that,
despite not having anything personal against his partner, I was
considering inviting some other extended friends first, because we are
closer, they have invited me to their houses in the
past, and I barely saw them this year because of
studying abroad.My friend was upset and said that he would
be really angry if they start officially dating and I
don’t “allow him” to come. For me, this wouldn’t change
much, because it’s not about inviting the couples, it’s about
inviting my friends. We all know and are friends with
each other, so it’s not like anybody without a partner
would feel isolated. I am also quite sure that my
friend and his partner were not planning anything for that
day. Also, this has nothing to do with them being
a gay couple, because most of us are also LGBT.
 Of course, I would like to invite everyone but
I just don’t have the space to fit them all.
AITA?
