I’m not sure if it would even be legal, and
I’m certain I would be the asshole for keeping payment
for a month she’s not living here just on the
principle- however, my friends have all given pretty negative reactions
to me telling them I planned to pay her back
and all say I should keep it- so now I’m
torn.Quickest context as I can; my mom and i have
always had a toxic relationship, i was hit, kicked out
of the house 3-4 times, started living on my own
at 17, had her call cops on me for blocking
her, had her steal my first car off the street
cause the title had her name on it (the dealership
wouldn’t put it in my name as a minor even
though I bought it myself and she hadn’t transferred it
to me yet). I could go on, feel free to
ask.We had an arm length relationship for about a year
while she was engaged with my dead aunts ex husband,
when that relationship soured she called me saying she was
on the way to my house (an hour out) after
an incident that she claimed made her feel unsafe. She’s
in the process of trying to build a house on
a property so had no home. Her plans were to
build a wall out basement and live in that until
she could fund the rest.I had lost my job and
was going to get a roommate in the trailer i
own anyways to help pay bills and lot rent. She
had been very respectful and treated me much better than
she used to so I figured maybe we were past
things. She moves in mid September.Mid october shes out of
funds for the house and applying to jobs- she asks
if she can stay for a year or two and
work for a school district. She had already gotten an
interview so I told her she could stay until spring
since the ball was already rolling, although I was already
getting worn down by the “favors” she needed all the
time.Her “favors” all circle around “cards” she has to play.
She’s too anxious to drive by herself and acts like
she’s going to pass out if it’s more than 3miles
from the house. I went on grocery runs with her,
runs to her property 1 1/2hrs away, to her storage
unit, doctors, etc. Also being on call to standby as
a nurse if she’s taking a new vitamin or something
due to her food allergies and heart issues. The timing
is always suspicious as it calls me home from friends.
Halloween weekend I told her I’d be at a party,
and she calls me irate that i can’t ask my
friends to take me back to my boyfriends to get
my car and drive drunk home to help her. She
went as far as telling me I was acting like
my how my cousin treated my aunt the night she
died- all I said was I can’t get home safely
and she needs to get help from the ER or
an ambulance.She got kicked out due to issues that started
to arise when I confirmed she could stay- the final
incident being when I confided I was having issues w
my bf. she asked me if I had done the
dirty deed after visiting my boyfriend (.2 seconds into the
door) and i was shocked and felt violated she’d ask
as much. I had a strong reaction “how can you
ask me that??” And she attacked me for having a
reaction claiming I was attacking HER and it devolved into
a yelling match where I was trying to explain to
her what that slang means and all she could hear
is I was attacking her. I told her this wasn’t
going to work out and she needed to make other
plans, and she took that and ran with it leaving
within a few hours. This was on the first, Now
she’s demanding payment back but i make minimum wage and
just popped a tire so best I could do is
payments anyways. She only responds to messeges about the rent
with a comment on the original situation so I have
no idea if this is acceptable to her. With how
she’s continuing to act I wish I could keep it
and make life easier on myself.
