I (25f) am not that close to my dad anymore.
I was until I was about 13. But that changed.
He either only realized it now or only started to
care now that I'm living a more independent life and
he's not as involved as he wants to be.I was
8 when I lost my mom and we were as
close as ever but I needed him more. Then when
I was 11 he remarried and he became a stepdad
to a girl who was 10 at the time. Now,
this is where full honesty comes in. I was jealous
as hell that my dad was trying to bond with
her and that he called her his daughter and us
"his girls" right away. It made me feel less special.
It made me feel like I didn't matter as much
because how could someone so new to him be equal
to me after hardly any time. Every time he spent
time with her I felt sick. He still spent time
with me but after about six or seven months of
marriage, he started to spend more time with his stepdaughter.
I hated it. I was both devastated and furious that
she was getting my dad.I was 13 my dad said
how much he preferred hanging out with her over me
because they had similar interests. He said he couldn't spend
enough time with his stepdaughter and he was hoping I
would hit the teen phase of not wanting my parents
around me that much. He didn't say it to me
but I heard him say it. His best friend was
one of the people he did say it to and
he was like dude, don't say that out loud and
my dad said most parents probably feel that way. He
said it wasn't like he would ever tell me that
to my face. Then he admitted he also resented me
for not wanting his wife the way her daughter wanted
him. He wanted us to be the perfect little family
and we looked like a stepfamily where the step is
always used because I didn't really want his wife for
stuff.I gave him his wish and over the years he
increased the amount of time he spent with his stepdaughter.
They could do stuff together up to four times a
week. That was until she was 16 and wanted space.
He was devastated by that and that crushed me. So
I decided that was all I needed to know and
didn't try to get closer to him.He approached me with
the question of why after I moved in with my
boyfriend and his dad helped us move stuff. My dad
said he expected to be called and then he asked
me why I had pulled away from him. So I
told him everything from the jealousy to what I heard
him say and I told him I decided that I
wasn't going to keep close like I had when he
felt that way. Dad was offended that I had ever
been jealous. He told me it was disgusting to want
to deny his stepdaughter the chance at a dad. He
also told me he should be allowed to have interests
in common with someone other than me. I told him
he was. But I was also a kid who lost
my mom and clung to my sole living parent. He
then accused me of manipulating him by saying all that
and I told him that he shouldn't have asked a
question if he wasn't prepared for an honest answer. He
told me I could fuck right off with that attitude
and told me to grow up.AITA?
