My house rule for my own children is "You f\*\*k
it, you fix it." So you clean your own mess,
you close doors you open, you apologize to people you
upset, you add an item to the shopping list if
you use the last of it etc. When I look
after nieces and nephews, the same rules applies.I was looking
after my 6 year old niece, Martha, for a few
days in the school holidays. I made some hot chocolate
but Martha dropped her mug and it broke. I told
her accidents happen, no big deal. I told her not
to move till I got her shoes so she wouldn't
stand on the bits and cut herself, then together we
swept up the broken shards and mopped the floor -
this was in the kitchen where I have slate tiles.
Dropped things do not bounce! I have a child-sized broom
and mop set from when my children where small which
I still have, so I showed her how to mop
and did the bulk of it, while she copied me.
I then made more hot chocolate and we watched the
film we were going to watch.When my sister came to
collect her, she stayed for a while. A drink was
left too close to the edge of the table and
was knocked over. Little Martha went and grabbed the mini-mop
and tried to clean it up, then asked how to
mop carpet. I showed her how to get a tea
towel, and stamp on it to get all the liquid
up, then hang the tea towel to dry. My sister
just watched in silence.My sister asked Martha how she knew
about the mop, and she told her about the hot
chocolate and broken mug. My sister then started shouting at
me, saying it was very dangerous to make a child
that young clean up hot liquid and shards of ceramic.
I said she was about to drink it so it
wasn't hot enough to burn her, and she used a
broom and had shoes on, so didn't touch or tread
on any shards. Besides, I did most of it and
cleaning up accidents is something she will need to learn
at some point, so why not start it young?My sister
then asked if I thought her house was messy. I
said no and that isn't the point, but she was
not going to pick up after Martha her entire life,
and if she is at my house then to a
certain extent it is my rules. I followed her rules
in terms of diet and only fed vegetarian food and
stuck her her usual bedtimes. I do feel there is
still an element of following my rules in my house
and part of that is "you f\*\*k it, you fix
it"  - I don't expect her to do it
alone and I will help and show her how, but
even if it as accident, I do expect her to
at least try and clean it up. It is the
same with toys, I don't expect it to be utter
perfection as she is only 6, but I do expect
her have tried to tidy up once she has finished
playing with something e.g. put the right game in the
right box, and put the game back on the shelf
it came from.My sister is now not speaking to me
and has said I will not be allowed to look
after Martha unsupervised if I don't admit I put her
in danger. I don't feel I did, and said as
much. AITA for getting a six year old to clean
up a broken mug, with help?
