My sister (30F) and I (28F) have always had a
complicated relationship. She's regarded me as the 'golden child' because
I've generally stayed out of trouble, leading our parents to
use me as an example for our other siblings. I
consistently excelled in school and have now earned a PhD,
which may have triggered some envy on her part (or
so I aume), as she decided to change her career
path to mine and claims she has now started pursuing
a PhD herself (which she isn't). This is just one
example of how our lives have been ; it’s constant
competition, so I usually don’t even share details about my
life. A bit of background: her wedding was canceled a
year ago, as her fiancé decided to break the engagement
just three weeks before the scheduled ceremony. Despite our differences,
I supported her during that difficult time, and she expressed
gratitude, acknowledging that she hadn't been a great sister in
the past, especially during my abusive relationship.Fast forward to today,
I've been happily engaged for almost a year and am
set to marry in 3 months in my home country.
Strangely, my sister, who was supposed to be one of
my bridesmaids, hasn't replied to any of my texts nor
has she reached out to ask how she can aist,
while my other sister and friends have been extremely supportive.
Then, just a week ago, my sister announced to the
entire family that she's getting married in two weeks to
a guy she has known for 6 months and is
three months pregnant, making it impossible for her to be
a bridesmaid at my wedding. This revelation came as a
shock due to the rapid developments. I also cant help
but feel like she wanted to get married first and
couldn’t stand me getting married before her. I offered my
congratulations, and she inquired if I would attend her wedding.
I explained that she'd given me only 13 days' notice
to travel 8 hours by flight, and I had numerous
work unalivedlines to contend with, making it impossible for me
to attend unless I were to stay for just two
days. My fiancé believes I made the right decision, but
my sister and some of her friends have portrayed me
as bitter for not attending. AITH for not attending??Update: my
other sister doesn’t think I’m bitter. My whole family thinks
this whole thing is a bit crazy, and they understand
that I have a more demanding job that them, and
I can’t just leave or get time off that quick.
Only my older sister (the one getting married) and some
of her friends think I’m being bitter. I am now
getting text messages from her friends asking why I’m not
coming (it’s 16 hours flight round trip, and they make
it seem like it’s a one hour drive). I have
made the decision not to go, so I’m here asking
if that makes me an AH. If some people think
that I am TAH I’m just going to brace myself
for what might happen during my wedding. Edit: I understand
why some people are upset, thinking I'm accusing my sister
of trying to upstage me, when perhaps she's rushing to
get married because she's pregnant. However, she explicitly told me
they were trying for a baby. It was a planned
pregnancy, not an accident. It's puzzling to me why someone
would intentionally become pregnant knowing they wanted to marry first.
It seems like it might be a strategy for a
quicker wedding. I believe my family would have requested she
wait until after my wedding if she weren't pregnant. Additionally,
she's planning a gender reveal the day after our wedding.
I realize it may sound odd to think this way,
and perhaps being in this type of relationship has made
me more cynical and narcissistic, as some have suggested. But
I struggle to see it that way, as I have
never, ever tried to outshine her.
