Hello everyone, I (20 F) just want some unbiased input
since my family has mixed feelings about this. I just
got a new apartment, finally big enough to host people,
something I couldn't do previously cause I lived in a
shoebox sized apartment. Because of this upgrade I've been really
happy and just wanted to share that with those close
to me, so I invited my family to have lunch
this past Sunday. Important to note that my boyfriend (21
M) and I live together, we have live together for
six months now, and been together for about year and
half, we're doing great and the future looks amazing and
promising with him. I do see myself getting married to
him. The issue came this Sunday, we we're having lunch
and everyone was having a good time, just what I
wanted. My boyfriend had to leave cause he was going
to see his little brother's football game, after he left
my mother (37 F) started asking if I could afford
the apartment without him and if the lease was on
my name. I told her that I could afford it,
and that everything was ok with the lease. She said
"good, now I can rest easy", now, normally this wouldn't
be so bad but she said it in this snarky
and paive-agressive tone that didn't went unnoticed by anyone, things
at the table immediately got uncomfortable. I asked what she
meant by that, and she replied with "well, I aume
you want to stay in this place for a long
time, it is really nice, and I just wanted to
be sure that when you finally decide to break up
with bf you won't have to leave".She has never been
the kindest person in the planet, she hasn't been the
kindest to my bf, but at least not Infront of
people, and never like this. So I asked to please
stop saying things like that from now on, that it
was mean. Of course, she had to make it worse
by saying something along the lines of "oh please, I
just meant that you guys will break up when you
finally get over that whole 'i don't want kids mindset'
because he can't have any".For context, my bf got a
vasectomy this year. Also, I've been saying since I'm 16
that I don't want any children, but she insists on
the whole "you'll change your mind" as she believes that
there is nothing greater for women than to be mothers.
Her comment made me angry, everyone on the table was
uncomfortable. My grandmother tried to divert the conversation, but I
wasn't having it. I got up from the table, asked
her as calmly as possible to please leave and went
to cut the dessert. She said a comment about my
temper and her not been able to voice her concerns,
and left along my father and sisters. After, my grandmother
said I was being rude and that I know how
my mother is, that I shouldn't had said anything and
just brush it off, but my aunt agreed with what
I did. My mother sent my a long text yesterday
saying that she was waiting for an apology and that
she won't visit me again because I was mean to
her and made her cry. So, AITA?Edit to add info:
I said this in a comment, but she was very
worried before knowing of his vasectomy out of the fear
of not having white babies (my bf is brown). My
bf is great, we have a very healthy relationship and
he has always been polite and helpful with my family,
he was very nice to my mother until he overheard
her made a comment to a friend about "he is
handsome... But in a brown way" and after that he
keeps his distance, rightfully so. Edit 2: Why do we
invite my mom if she is racist? I have two
sisters ages 2 and 7 months, my 2 year old
sister wanted to see the apartment because I told her
about and she wanted to see it. I wanted my
dad to see it, and I wanted to have my
family together for once. If my mom doesn't come, my
dad and sisters don't come either. My bf aured me
he was okay with it, they haven't seen eachother in
five months and he wanted to have my family over
because he likes them. I made an ultimatum to my
mom about nine months ago that of she ever made
a racist comment or anything related I would cut contact,
this was after my bf told me about the "handsome
in a brown way" comment and so far it has
worked, the moment it doesn't I intend to keep my
word. My bf understands the situation and he has said
before "I care so little about your mother's opinion 
that she could tell me to go die in a
ditch I wouldn't care one bit". So he says he's
okay with spending time with her once every few months,
and I believe him. I can't explain my mom's behaviour,
we have brown (moreno) people in my family, her own
mother is morena, I don't know what is doing on,
but she is pretty obsessed with the white and blonde
babies thing, because she isn't racist towards any other moreno
people she knows so that's the only logical explanation I
can find. 
