I am the father of a one year old toddler.
Recently, she started teething, as her molars have started to
come in. First, it was the top ones for about
a week, then we had a week’s break, and now
the bottom ones are coming in. It’s clearly causing my
daughter a lot of pain, especially at night. Before she
was a good sleeper, but now it’s been rough. She’s
been waking up around 1am and then 3am daily, screaming
with her little fingers in her mouth. My wife and
I have tried comforting her, bringing her in our bed
(she sleeps in our room anyway and her crib is
next to our bed, but normally she likes to sleep
cuddled up when she’s uncomfortable), we’ve even given her baby
Motrin to help with the pain but she still screams
for about 10-20 minutes each time until we are able
to settle her. It’s shrill and it sucks, but there’s
not much we can do beyond what we are already
doing. We live on the ground floor of a new
condo building. It’s made of heavy concrete and decently sound
proofed, but not perfect. Above us lives a single woman
in her late 20s / early 30s. This is an
expensive part of town in a new building, so we
can aume shes decently monied. She also keeps her balcony
door open all day and night that faces into our
courtyard. She has been “punishing” us during the day by
blasting loud music directly into our unit by putting a
stereo next to her balcony. We are on the ground
floor and have a fully enclosed courtyard so it vibrates
around. She’s got great music taste, and my daughter will
dance to it all day long. So while my wife
hates her intention, I think it’s worked out just fine…
until now… Last night she came barging down at 3am
and rang our bell 4 times while we were trying
to settle our daughter. Motrin works for about 8 hours,
so by 3am we have to give her another dose
and wait through the cries, cradling her for 15-20 minutes
for it to kick in again. My wife (a strong
tempered petite woman, amplified by her first year of motherhood)
wanted to go fight her then and there, but I
said let’s just concentrate on settling the baby and ignore
her. I also didn’t want to make the baby any
more upset than she already was. So yeh, I just
let her fume outside my door at 3am. AITA?UPDATE: I
delivered a small care package to her door with a
long letter and a bottle of wine and chocolates. She
was not home so I put it next to the
door. We are only here for a couple months (temp
rental until we finish construction) but I’d rather offer an
olive branch than see all the pettiness continue. Yes, it
sucks to be woken up. Yes, it’s a shared building.
Yes, people throw parties here until 3am on the weekends.
Yes, babies cry and we try our best. For those
who live in very big cities— mine has 22 million—
this is what you experience. I’m listening to loud mariachi
music from the neighbour across the way right now. 
