(30f, husband is 31) These signs were not present prior
to my husband and I finding out we were pregnant
in December of last year. I've been a part of
this family for 6 years and my MIL was never
weird to my husband. It's like as soon as she
found out I was pregnant, her behavior shifted. He has
3 siblings, he's the youngest, and she doesn't act like
this with any of her other kids.Anyways, shortly after announcing
the pregnancy she starts showering my husband with gifts (jewelry,
money, literal romance cards) saying "you won't be able to
buy yourself anything for awhile so I want to make
sure you're spoiled". Started talking about our bedroom life or
how we got pregnant ("well clearly you like bending people
over"). Started calling him babe/baby/daddy. But it was never an
excitement over her being a grandmother. She told everyone she
was "indifferent" about the pregnancy (all her other kids have
several children but my MIL is acting weird about our
baby, not her other kids babies). Anyways, she shows up
in L/D and tried making my husband sit on the
couch with her while I was having contractions because she
"needed to make sure he was good" and I watched
her rub/squeeze his inner thighs multiple times. Every time she
did, he immediately moved away from her and you could
tell it was bothering him but he didn't say anything.
Fast forward to 2 days ago. She comes by, unannounced
per usual, and when she shows up she immediately smacks
my husband's a which is completely out of character for
her. He says "wtf mom" and she laughs and says
"what?" Then he was sitting and holding the baby and
she came up behind him and started hugging him from
behind with her full body pressed to him and said
"she looks just like us" (him and his mom look
NOTHING alike). He just kind of looked at her and
then looked at me and without thinking, I said "hey
MIL, have you ever heard of emotional inc*st? If not,
maybe look it up and correct your behavior because if
this continues you won't be allowed back here". I don't
want her near my kid if she's acting this weird.
She makes me uncomfortable. My husband immediately shoots me a
look. She plays dumb, ends up leaving 10 minutes later.
My husband won't talk to me about it at all
(literally refuses). AITA?ETA: I have talked to my husband about
it at least twice and I told him I was
going to say something if he didn't. That was months
ago, prior to having the baby. He obviously didn't think
I was serious. I don't want this behavior around my
child at all. And at the end of the day,
she's being weirdly sexual toward my husband and if he
won't defend himself, I will.
