I’m not from the US but I live here and
my wife is white. My old country is very racist
against a particular race and my parents hold those racist
views. Back when we were engaged, my wife’s best friend
and maid of honor is this particular race. My parents
didn’t like that and didn’t want any of our wedding
photos to have her MOH in them. This led to
a huge fight and a very awkward wedding after which
my wife completely disowned my side of the family. We
eventually had 2 daughters and she refused to allow them
to have anything to do with my side of the
family. My parents have been to the US at least
a dozen times to visit my siblings and other relatives
but they’ve never met my children. Although I understand my
wife’s position, I disagree with not allowing our children to
know my side of the family but I’ve honored her
wish.I have a couple of siblings here but most live
in the old country. Recently my niece from the old
country asked if I could take her to visit some
college campuses here and I said yes. I told my
wife about my niece and her visit which led to
a discussion about the enormous costs which further led to
a discussion about how my sibling can cover the over
$100,000 a year cost of tuition and living expenses for
my niece.The short version is that my parents are paying
for it. They have many grandchildren and are going to
pay for almost all of them to go to college
because education is extremely important in my culture. I said
almost all because they told me they’re not paying for
my children and will not include them in their will.I
never told my wife any of that because I aumed
she didn’t care since she disowned my family and have
had nothing to do with them. I was wrong, she
cared. She said it’s unfair for our children to be
left out which I agree but I can also see
it from my parent’s perspective. She wants me to have
my parents include our children and even talked about suing.
I reminded her that the legal system in the old
country is not like the here where you can sue
to be included in a will. Also, I feel dirty
having to talk to my parents about giving our children
money. This has led to her yelling at me for
a couple of days and even now when I’m posting
this, she’s text yelling at me about confronting my parents.Edit:Thanks
all for reading and giving me your input. It makes
me feel better about my choice. There are things I
left out because I was at my desk earlier but
now I’m at lunch so I’ll include them.Even for US
standards, most of my family would be considered very well
off. They own factories in our old country that make
parts or complete things for export to other countries. They
also own other businesses and a considerable amount of land.
All of which we’re completely cut off from.I never told
anyone I dated about my family’s wealth because I wanted
them to want me for me. I didn’t tell me
wife until after we were engaged but by that time
she had it in her head that well off in
my old country meant making minimum wage here. I tried
to get her to visit my family before everything blew
up but at first she didn’t have a paport then
she was too busy to get a paport then finally
she didn’t want to have “a month of diarrhea”. I
remember her words exactly because it stung that she thought
my old country was a 3rd world country.I regularly visit
my siblings here and fly back to the old country
at least once a year with her full knowledge.
