I went to the DMV to help my family member
from another country who doesn’t speak English to get his
non driver ID. Everything was fine up until I was
met with one lady. Without even saying Hi how are
you or any of the basic greetings she immediately said
with an attitude in her voice “Which one of you
is this for” I went to explain that it was
for my family member and that he doesn’t know English
in which her response was exactly as followed “He doesn’t
know English but wants to drive” in a very snarky
way. I was taken a back by this but decided
not to say anything as I thought maybe she had
a bad day. Even her coworker that was next to
her looked at her like why would you say that.
I informed her that it was for a non driver
ID. Next she told my family member to look at
the screen below to sign the signature and I went
to aist him as he doesn’t know English and wanted
to make sure he didn’t press something like the donation
thing that they have. She then yells at me saying
that my family member has to sign in which I
responded that I was only making sure he didn’t press
anything and to explain to him what he had to
do because he doesn’t know English not that I was
signing anything for him. At this point I’m a little
irritated and asked for her name as I was going
to give a complaint about what she said in which
her response was “Go ahead and make two” pointing at
me and my family member. I said I will and
then she threatens me saying she doesn’t have to help
me if she doesn’t want to in which I said
okay but she did in fact help as I’m pretty
sure it’s her job to do so and I wasn’t
being mean to her in anyway. Now that was the
story but I got a little update on the situation.
I talked to the supervisor and apparently the lady was
going through a hard time as her son was unaliveed.
That event happened about two weeks ago and she has
gotten 4 complaints since. The supervisor is trying to get
her to go take some time off. Now I feel
bad for writing the complaint and I am in the
process of trying to get the complaint taken out because
I know she’s going through a hard time. While I
don’t believe that justifies her being rude to people and
lashing out to someone who wasn’t even rude to her,
no one can really know what’s it like to be
in her shoes atm and I don’t want to stress
her out anymore with this complaint. Still am I the
ahole?
