He doesn't want me driving it because the power steering
is going. But anyways, we are down to just his
vehicle because my head gasket went 3 weeks ago. I'm
on maternity leave, as I just had our baby 5
weeks ago. Maybe this is why my tolerance is 100%
gone. Since my head gasket blew, he's been having to
pick up groceries for dinner after work. But he literally
works right directly beside the grocery store so it's not
out of his way and would literally take at most
10 minutes to grab groceries (we live 15 minutes from
both his work and the grocery store). But as of
maybe a week and a half ago he stopped going
to the grocery store after work and just came home
and would leave a couple hours later to go back
to the grocery store, complaining the whole time about not
wanting to drive ("I'm so tired of doing everything and
not having time to myself to relax"). By the time
I have finally convinced him to leave to go pick
up stuff for dinner, it's almost 7pm every single time.
Never fails. And it could all be avoided if he
would just take the time to walk the 5 feet
to the grocery store before coming home every day. Well,
last night he gets home at 4:30. I specifically asked
him earlier in the day to grab groceries before coming
home but he didn't because he "just wanted to come
home". He played with the baby for maybe an hour
before I finally asked him to go get dinner because
I was actually hungry for once (I've barely been able
to eat since having the baby because food is gross
to me right now). He said he would "in a
bit" and sat down on the couch with a beer.
45 minutes later he got himself a bowl of cereal
and sat back on the couch. So I grabbed the
baby and his keys and just left to go grocery
shopping myself and I took longer because I did a
BIG shop so I don't have to depend on him
any more. Maybe 30 minutes later he calls and asks
where I am and why I took his truck knowing
he doesn't feel it's safe for me to drive and
I said "I was done waiting for you. I was
hungry, you didn't care so I did it myself. If
you didn't want this happening than you should have gone
to the store before coming home." He says I'm an
AH for taking off with the baby without saying anything
to him and that I should have just waited until
he was ready to leave.ETA: just to clarify, he said
the power steering was going and that's why he didn't
want me driving it, but the power steering was 100%
fine. It drove normal with zero issues. I've driven his
vehicle plenty in the past but ever since I had
the baby, he doesn't want me doing anything or going
anywhere. This is the first time I've gotten out of
the house other than our babies doctors appointments in 5
weeks. The power steering was an excuse at best. The
truck is in my name so it is not considered
theft but it is his vehicle so do with that
info as you will.
