My sister & BIL live out of state & are
planning a trip back home to visit for the holidays.
Over a month ago they casually mentioned over a Zoom
call that they were "thinking" the trip would be two
weeks long. My wife and I, feeling caught off guard
by the length of the trip said "Oh that would
be fun."  Weeks went by but we hadn't heard
anything else, we aumed they were still looking at flights
& planning the trip. I finally texted & said, "We
still need to figure out your trip in December." They
responded with "Are there any questions we can answer for
you now?" To which I said "Yeah, have you already
purchased tickets & if so, when?" It turns out they
had already purchased tickets & were planning on staying at
our house for 2 weeks, without ever running dates by
us, checking if we had talked about it, or if
that amount of time would work with our schedules. 
After learning they already got tickets I said that time
frame should work for us but "we need to figure
out all the details and logistics." My wife & I
agreed that for us & our family, having visitors stay
with us for two weeks is a lot. Our compromise
is for them to stay with us for 9 days
while my wife & I are off from work &
our kids aren't in school. For the remainder of the
trip, they can stay with our parents, my BIL's mom,
friends, or other family members (who all live nearby) while
I go back to work, kids are back in school,
& my wife spends the last few days of her
break preparing for work or with her family; we offered
to meet for dinners or things on the weekend with
them.   She says it makes more sense to
stay with us for 2 weeks to use our house
"as a base of operations" while they come & go
to visit family & friends during the trip as opposed
to our offer of spending 9 dedicated days with us
& the kids before visiting the others during the remainder
of the trip. Despite my telling her that that is
a lot for us to handle & gives us stress
and anxiety to host & have people staying at our
house for that long, she insists that they are "self-sufficient"
guests & don't need us to do anything. We would
still need to plan our kids schedules around when they'll
be home so they can see them, keep the house
clean, have groceries & toiletries, leave doors unlocked & make
sure the garage door or dog doesn't wake the kids
up when they come home at 1 am, etc. 
She said they would have to reschedule & move things
around with all the other people they're planning on seeing
during this visit so they could spend that time with
us. As in, that's an inconvenience to them & they
were making plans with everyone but the people they were
auming they could stay with; therefore I should feel bad
for putting them in this position.  TL;DR My sister
& BIL aumed they could stay with us for 2
weeks without checking & are now upset that I told
them 9 days is what works best for me and
my family. Am I the ahole?
