For some background, my husband (Dan, 39M) and I (34F)
both wake up at 5:30am and commute to work together.
 We have a large senior dog (Lue, 15m) who
is declining in health.  He gets a pain pill
every other night with dinner, and didn't have one Weds
night.  Bladder control isn't great anymore either.Friday morning, I
was woken by Lue coming up to my side of
the bed.  He never does this, so I knew
he needed to go out.  I groggily jumped out
of bed and was a little frantic because by the
time he tells me he needs out, there's not much
time before he loses control.  Dan sleepily asked what
was going on.  I told him I'm sorry but
I need to turn on a light so I can
see to get Lue out the door and see if
there were any messes on the way.  I turned
on the bathroom light, which illuminates mostly the hallway but
also the bedroom a bit.  I looked at the
clock on my way, and it was 3:55am.Lue peed as
soon as he got outside.  When he came back
in, I noticed that he was swaying and trembling. 
Lue and I both went back to bed.  I
knew Dan was still awake, so I asked if Lue
got his pills with dinner (Dan had fed Lue the
night before).  He said no, he didn't give Lue
the pills...  I said, "Dan, he can't skip two
days, he's in pain." and Dan's response was, "Okay, can
I go back to sleep now??"  Of course, I
got back up to give Lue his pills so he
could be comfortable.  I went to the kitchen, prepared
the pills in pill pockets, and made my way back
to the bedroom to give them to Lue.  I
turned the bathroom light back on to give Lue the
pills, to make sure he didn't spit them out. 
Dan aggravatedly asked "what's going on?? can you turn the
freaking light off??"  At this point I was irritated
myself; I told him I had to give Lue his
pills because he failed to do so and our dog
is in pain, so he could **just deal** for the
extra minute this was taking.  Lue ate the pills
and I turned the light off and went back to
bed.  (From the moment I woke, all of this
only took a few minutes total)Dan proceeded to loudly sigh,
toss and turn for the rest of the morning, so
neither of us managed to get back to sleep. 
It felt like a toddler tantrum.  The next day
he complained that the light had been on *too long*.
 I told him I'm sorry, I will try to
be quicker if it happens again, but maybe he can
try to be more understanding, too.Lue needed out again this
morning at 4:00.  This time he was trying to
wake Dan over on his side of the bed. 
Dan has a bunch of crap all over the floor
on his side, so I HAD to turn the bathroom
light on so I could help Lue out of the
room (he was over there stumbling on all the cords
and crap).  I apologized and turned on the bathroom
light for *not even 10 seconds* to guide Lue out
of the mess.  Went back to bed, repeat process,
no more sleep.  Now Dan's complaint is that the
light was on *at all*.  He said to use
my phone flashlight next time.  I told him to
get his a up himself next time, instead of throwing
tantrums and keeping us up.AITA?
