About three weeks ago, my friend broke up with her
fiancé a month before their wedding (would have been this
weekend). She found him fooling around with another girl and
called off the wedding. It’s a huge mess and I
feel awful for her. It truly is a devastating time
for her and I’ve been as supportive as possible through
it all. She has been one of my closest friends
for the past 15ish years and she is basically a
sister to me. Because of this, when I found out
they were engaged at the beginning of the year, I
wanted to give her a truly special wedding gift. She
has always been into interior designing and has wanted an
Eames lounge chair for a long time. I found one
for $4500, which was a good deal, so I got
it for her. Im fortunate to be able to afford
this, but it’s still quite a lot. She was ugly
crying when I told her about it and she was
extremely grateful for it. However, now that the wedding is
called off, I’m not sure what to do. I could
still use that money if I were to get it
back…Is it rude to ask for her to return it
or at least pay me back for the chair? I
feel like I would be such an ahole for doing
so, but some other friends (who aren’t close to her)
said she absolutely should at least return it so I
can get my money back. She’s going through a lot
now, so I don’t want to press her too much
and honestly if I never see the money again, that’s
fine. But still, $4500 is a good amount of change
that I would be happy to have if possible.Edit: thanks
for all the replies so far. I realized I left
out a very important detail which is the time frame
to return the chair is 90 days, so that’s why
I’m asking this question now. I bought the chair in
mid September, so that to return and get the full
refund is coming up in about a month. To address
some other comments, you all are right about asking about
just asking her for money, which is dumb and I
will not do that. The big reason why I even
asked the question was due to my conversation with other
friends who said she should return it. Ultimately, I will
not ask her to do anything and she can keep
the chair, no problem. If she does get married again
tho… maybe I’ll just buy her some nice chocolate then
lol. Thanks everyone! 
