AITA for telling my coworker I won't block his wife
in social-media just because he told me to?So, last month
I (F30) went with my friends (F, 29, 31 and
33) to the movie theater to watch a concert of
my favorite artist. I ran into a co-worker (M36) and
his wife (early 20s). I always thought I got along
fine with my co-worker , but I wouldn’t go as
far to call him my friend. I went to say
hi to him and he introduced me to his wife,
let’s call her Vivian.Later during the concert (keep in mind
that while we have aigned seats in the theater, nobody
was sitting, it  was anarchy) I noticed VIvian was
alone, so I approached her and asked her about my
co-worker and she said he left because he was bored.
I kind of felt bad for her, so I told
her if she wanted she could join our group, she
ended up spending the rest of the concert with us,
after the theater we all went to have dinner, we
bonded with VIvian over our love for the artist, and
by the end of the night we all ended up
adding her in social media. That’s the one and only
time I have seen her in person, and our interaction
in social media is just tagging each other (and the
rest of the group) in news about the artist we
both love. This Sunday she posted pictures of a batch
of cookies she was making. I commented they looked delicious,
and she sent me a PM saying she actually made
A LOT of cookies, she said she could send me
some with my coworker if I wanted. I saw nothing
wrong with this so I accepted. Well my coworker gave
me the cookies yesterday, and he said that  until
Vivian  gave him the cookies for me, he didn’t
know we had kept in touch, but he didn’t like
it, so I need to block her now and never
speak to her again. This caught me by surprise, while
we have never been friends, we have always been polite
to each other and I can’t think of a reason
why he would want me to block his wife. I
don’t have a reputation of being problematic or anything like
that in the office. I don’t keep up with the
office gossip, in case he is worried I’m going to
tell her what he is up to. In case he
is worried I’m Ms-Steal-Your-Girl, I’m  not a home-wrecker and
I’m straight anyway.Anyway, I was too surprised to actually give
him a good reply, so I just told him he
doesn’t get to tell me what to do, that I’m
not going to block someone just because he told me
to, that if he has a problem he can discuss
this with his wife. Now, I’m second guessing if this
was the right thing to do. Maybe I was too
harsh, and I could have talked about it with him.
Maybe I’m creating unnecessary drama. AITA?Edit: 1.I told my friends
in the group chat (Vivian it's not in the Group
chat, just FB and IG) and they all agreed this
is a red flag. We are creating a Discord to
talk to her.2. I don't think she has blocked me
yet, since today she sent me a message asking me
what I thought about the cookies. 
