AITAH for wanting to be on the deed of girlfriends
house?My girlfriend and I have been dating for close to
7 years, I love her very much and we are
generally great together. We plan to get married at some
point and openly discuss it, yet we do not put
much emphasis on the whole thing so have no solid
plans. We live in a fairly affluent coastal CT town,
where I have grown up.I had a family friend offer
to sell me his house off market in 2022. Sort
of out of the blue. Unfortunately, I had just quit
my job at that point so when it came time
to qualify for a mortgage I was unable to be
a part of that. She was able to qualify for
the asking price by herself. The plan was that we
would split the down payment even (15k each). As well
as the mortgage ($1300 per month). We then purchased the
house! We feel lucky because it was a good deal
and in a great neighborhood. Since then, we all know
the real estate market has only became more inflated and
interest rates have sky rocketed.We split EVERYTHING even, including all
maintenance and improvements. We have had a lot of work
done on the house, I would estimate I have spent
another 10k personally on improvements, she has done the same.
We have also put a TON of sweat equity into
the house, endless nights and weekends fixing the house up.
I am now paying even more than her ($1500) to
pay off a new kitchen oven we purchased. I will
add that she insisted on a very expensive oven, where
I thought a more average one would be sufficient. I
am starting to feel uneasy because I am in the
hole close to 30k, not including equity from paying half
of the mortgage. If she were to decide that she
does not want to be with me anymore, I could
be kicked to the curb and have no legal recourse
to get my investment back. I am not saying she
would not make an effort to pay me back but
I know she does not have the funds to do
so. I have recently said that I am not comfortable
investing anymore money into the house until I legally own
it. She will not put me on the deed. She
wants me on the mortgage to be put on the
deed although it does not make sense to refinance now
or for the foreseeable future as the interest rate would
be much higher than what we are locked in at.
At this point I feel like this is boarder line
financial abuse and I do not feel good about the
situation. She says when the interest rates go down we
can refinance and add me to the mortgage but I
do not see that happening anytime soon and it is
not a concrete. We are even on everything financially speaking
and I think it would be fair to put me
on the deed. :(
