I’m catching flak from this from all sides, but I
also don’t think I was necessarily wrong, so I lay
the decision before you, oh oracles of AHness.Background: I (24F)
have 2 siblings, Lena (18F) and Mark (17M). Our parents
divorced when I was 15 and they were 9 and
8, so I was old enough to recognize a lot
of ugliness in both our parents before, during, and afterward
that they were too young to see. It permanently changed
my image of my parents and I have little respect
for them. I worked hard to become independent as soon
as possible so my parents have never had the leverage
to try to force me to play nice with blended
families or any of the other BS that happens. So,
we all have strained relationships, but I’ve made it clear
that I will walk if they push. We can have
lunch or talk on the phone without too much issue
usually. My siblings are a mess from everything that happened,
though, in very concerning ways and I’m genuinely worried about
what happens to them in the adult world.The problem: Lena
is currently pregnant, the father bailed, so she’s going to
need a lot of help. My parents agreed to go
to family therapy with her to work out their issues
enough to be able to cooperate as grandparents. She asked
me to come too. The first session was last week
and I wasn’t planning on saying much, but my dad
made a comment that struck a nerve. He said “Our
kids have turned out fine so I don’t think we’ll
have too much trouble helping raise a grandchild.” I couldn’t
stop myself from laughing because it was so ridiculous. The
therapist asked what I thought so I said something like
“You and I barely speak to each other, Lena has
an ED and anxiety so bad she cries anytime the
wind picks up, and Mark is a proto-incel with anger
issues. What universe are you living in that you think
we turned out ok?”Now everyone is furious with me. My
dad says I’m an AH and demands an apology. My
mom says she knows they messed up in some ways
but it’s cruel to say those things about my siblings.
My sister said I ruined any chance our parents will
cooperate now since dad refuses to go to another session.
I’m conflicted, but I do think my parents needed their
“it’s FINE!” bubble burst. It might have been bad timing.
