My (35F) husband, Dustin (42M) and I have three kids,
all boys ages 7, 5 and 8 months. My brother
Chris (37M) and sister in law Rachel (33F) have two
kids 4F and 2M. I’ve taken an extended maternity after
my most recent delivery due to some complications and won’t
be back at work until after the new year. My
husband went back when our little one was 4 months.
Chris and Rachel came to my husband and I about
2 months ago saying their daycare could no longer keep
them as the center was closing unexpectedly and they were
in a bind and asked if I could watch the
kids while they worked. I told them I would be
willing to so long as it was temporary and not
long term. Both aured me they were seeking out a
new center that could take them both. Both were appreciative
of our help as they were told on a Wednesday
the center’s last day of operation would be that same
Friday.The first few weeks were fine but as it’s been
longer and longer, my husband and I are staring to
doubt they are actually looking for a new center. They’ve
never offered to pay me for watching the kids, but
I’ve never asked either. Until this past weekend. We took
all the kids to a park on Saturday and I
spoke with my brother about whether or jot they had
found a mew daycare. He said they had done some
tours but were told there weren’t spaces for the kids
yet and had been wait listed. I told him I
completely understood and reminded him me keeping the kids was
supposed to be temporary. I asked him if he and
Rachel could start paying me $100/week for both kids. He
called me outrageous for even asking citing “we’re family.” I
tried explaining how much more money my husband and I
were spending having them in the house 5 days a
week and he called me lazy for still being on
leave when my baby is 8 months old. At this
point, I told him I would no longer be watching
the kids and not to bring them Monday (yesterday) morning.
Since Saturday, Chris and Rachel have blasted Dustin and I
on social media which has caused all kinds of friends
and extended family to reach out, many calling us aholes
amongst other things. Their post made them look like victims.
When my mom reached out I explain the above and
she’s now on on mine and Dustin’s side. Rachel, Rachel’s
sister, and my brother have continued to text Dustin and
I about what selfish aholes we are for not helping
them in their time of need. Dustin and I are
really having a hard time wrapping our heads around us
being the aholes in this situation so we figured we’d
ask Reddit who the aholes are here.
