My (43M) niece (14F) is being raised by my wife
(40F) and I - it’s a long story, having to
do with my sister getting herself pregnant from a unalivedbeat
and proving overall unfit to be a mother. Bottom line
is, I see my niece as my daughter and love
her just as much as my own biological children (11M/8M).
I know my wife also loves her the same way,
however I’m legally my niece's sole legal guardian.My niece has
practiced gymnastics for the past 10 years, and when she
was about 7 or 8 one of the coaches at
her gym took notice of her potential and suggested she
could really make it as a professional athlete. I personally
believe my wife and my niece/daughter were taken by this
promise of future glory (“can you imagine if she competes
in the Olympics one day?”, my wife said). I was
always VERY cautious because I do realize the shots are
slim; I also knew that could cost us a lot
of money going forward, but the coach believed so much
in her that they managed to cover some of the
costs of her training on the gym’s dime.And when I
say training, I mean TRAINING – some serious hard work.
I told them I was fine with the idea as
long my niece was happy doing gymnastics and it didn’t
majorly impact her life. And then, last month, she tore
her ACL during practice. We do have insurance, so the
medical costs were covered. However, she’s going through a painful
recovery, all the while wondering when she’ll be healthy enough
to get back to the gym. But I told my
wife I don’t want her to do this anymore. Seeing
her get hurt and in pain made me realize this
is a dangerous sport, and the toll it's taking on
her body is simply not worth it.My wife said I
couldn’t make this decision without considering what my niece wants;
I said I can because I’m the adult here and
she’s still a child. So my wife said there was
still the matter of her disagreeing with my view, and
that we were supposed to make this parenting decisions together.
I then said that's true regarding our boys, but not
when it comes to my niece. All I meant is
that I'm the sole guardian in the sense of being
responsible for her; what my wife got is that I
was undermining her as a surrogate mother. AITA here?Edit: some
additional information, to be clear, I still haven't talked to
my niece about this. I shared with my wife that,
given the severity of her injury, I didn't want her
training anymore. This discussion was between my wife and I,
it didn't involve our girl so far.
