My (24F) fiancé Todd (23M) and I are planning our
wedding right now. Both of our sets of parents kindly
offered to split the wedding costs down the middle. We
took them up on this offer, but things haven’t really
been fair.My parents have paid/offered to pay for a lot
of things, one set of wedding jewelry, several of the
more cultural wedding events, et cetera, while my fiancé’s side
hasn’t really done anything of the sort. I’ve talked to
Todd about it before and according to him he’s gotten
in fights with his father about it before and that
a) his dad seems to not really care about Todd
getting married and b) Todd is extremely ashamed of the
fact that his side is not providing as much as
my parents are. For context Todd works full time, both
of my parents do too.Last night I told him I
wanted to get a dress for one of the events
and showed him. He asked me where I’m gonna get
$400 to pay for it and I told him I
could give him $200, the rest could be like a
wedding gift to me. He said he thought the wedding
jewelry and the ring was the wedding gift but cmon,
that’s standard. I told him as much and we basically
started arguing, he said he thought he’d given me enough
gifts. I told him that he wasn’t being fair because
he knew how much my parents were putting into this
wedding, and it wasn’t even 50/50 because his side wasn’t
paying for much other than the ring and the jewelry
and one dress.To make a long story short he basically
said he knows he can’t put as much money towards
this as my parents can, and that he spoils me
as much as he can on his salary but it’s
not fair to compare his one salary to my parents’
two salaries. He said I know how ashamed it makes
him that his parents basically don’t care about his wedding.
He didn’t say anything for a long while and then
really quietly he just went “my dad doesn’t care that
I’m getting married” and then got up and left. He
texted me around 15 minutes later that he was sorry
but I haven’t seen him since. He spent the night
outside the house and is at work right now. I
honestly feel so crapty but part of me feels like
this was such an overreaction to a $200 gift. I’m
wondering if I’m the ahole here.Edit: People keep asking what
I am contributing or what gifts I’ve given my fiancé.
I don’t work currently so gifts are off the table
for right now. I am planning the wedding so you
could call that my gift to him. People also keep
telling me that they hope I get divorced or that
Todd leaves me. Thank you for that but it’s not
happening.
