Wife and I have been together for 25+years and she's
always done the BINGO thing with her Mom.  I
have no problems with that and they've been doing it
for years and years.  Maybe once or twice a
month, again, no problem.Her Mom has always been a gambling
addict and it cause the divorce of her first husband
and she wiped out her second husbands bank account within
a couple years.  So I've always been a bit
leery on the whole gambling thing. I've seen it destroy
families.   (her mom lives with us now)(15yrs ago)
I worked out of town/state a lot so she's always
had control of our join banking account.  My checks
were auto-deposit so never really broke down our bills as
I should have.   After I kept pressuring her
to tell me where all our money was going she
broke down and told me she gambled it away at
the casino.  Slot machines.  Big fight.At that point
I got a separate checking account so at least the
bills would be paid on time.  I make a
bit more than she does but I pay most of
the bills and am still able to save up money
every month.   This has never been sustainable though
since any surprise bills (we have 2 teen kids) it's
always me that pays for them.    She
is broke every month.When we were going over our tax
returns it turned out she owned $6k in taxes all
from the casino.   We went over the whole
gambling / financial problems again and she shook my hand
and promised that she would stop. Fast forward a few
months I bought a tracker online.  One that I
could put on my tractor (I let friends borrow it
and want to keep track of it in case it
gets stolen)  and the kids car since they're turning
16 soon I wanted to keep track of them.I had
the tracker for a few weeks and decided to try
it out one day.   I threw it in
the console of my wifes car just to see how
the app works.  She took off with her mom
before I could tell her and she texted me they
were heading out shopping.     Well, they
went straight to the casino instead.   I wasn't
mad but was definitely concerned.I felt guilty for "spying" on
my wife so I took it out and never said
anything.    However curiosity unaliveed the cat and
I threw it back in her car a few weeks
later.  This time on purpose and hidden.It's been a
couple months and they've been at the casino at least
twice a week. Not the BINGO hall but the actual
casino.   I confronted her again today when she
asked for money for kids gymnastics.  I asked her
how her gambling issue was going and she denied shes
back to gambling.  I gave her many outs and
she wouldn't admit it.   So I then told
her about the tracker.Now she's furious that I tracked her
and said threw out the D word.  Sorry, this
post is all over the place and I'm super nervous.
  We've been together for 25+ years and I'm
freaking out. 
