Background: my MIL sold her home and bought an RV
a couple years ago - around then, my wife and
I bought our first home. The MIL would visit in
her motorhome with minimal notice - she’d text one day
that she entered the US from Mexico and a couple
days later - she’d be in front of our home
- no notice given or ask if it was ok
- she’d stay a week or two in her RV
in front of our home.After the first couple times, we
told her we would appreciate her to ask us first.
Got better for a bit but would return to normal,
ranging from the morning of to 10 minutes notice. We
would remind her that she needs to ask and not
make an aumption (if asked, we’d likely say yes but
make timelines).She sold her RV and in mid September bought
a non winterized cabin home with no running water in
the mountains about an hour out of town (Colorado)Immediately after
buying the cabin, she went on a 5 week cruise
from US to AUS and had a bad experience (covid,
lack of terra firma, technical issues, etc.).she landed back in
US, still recovering from being sick, bought a car, picked
up her dog that she left at a friends about
4-6 months back, and booked it back to Colorado.We aumed
she was planning to get back to her cabin after
picking up some of her packages we kept while overseas.Texted
a bit on her journey, and none of the texts
were explicit that she intended to stay and not once
did she ask us if it was ok, regardless of
intent.My wife even texted the night before if she planned
to stay with us. MIL responded midday, 10 minutes before
she showed up, with ‘Yes’. Doors were locked and I
was in a call - made her wait 10-15. I
get down there and said basic greetings. She asked if
I was going to let her in, because she needed
to use the restroom. I say ok, but we need
to have a chat.Told her that we need to set
boundaries - it wasn’t acceptable for her to aume we
will host her without being asked with zero notice. She
apologized and said she’s been on the road, sick, tired
and had a bad month - said it didn’t cross
her mind despite us straight up asking the night prior.
Even asked why we didn’t remind her (why do I
need to remind a 60 something to have manners?).I iterated
that we had told her the same before and this
is pattern needs to stop.She looked tired and offered her
to stay the night but she cannot do it again.
She said she wasn’t comfortable staying here, then disengaged and
beelined to the garage.Told her we can talk this through
and she started to get paive aggressive, talking over me
and being rude - kept acting like she was the
victim - I’m tired, I’m sick, I’m etc. I offered
a second time for her to stay and she declined
again. I said fine and let her get her crap.Offered
to load up the car with her, she declined, told
her she’s welcome to come for thanksgiving (‘ok’) and she
drove off after I went inside.Am I the ahole?
