Edit 2: fine I will ask if she wants me
to help pay for the dress. I still don't think
I'm the aholeEdit: I want to make it clear that
Crissy is my best friend, we've known each other for
almost 10 years. I'm not kicking her out of the
role or asking her to step down. We're not fighting
about this, she's very supportive about everything else except this
one thing. I just wanted to know if I was
being unreasonable expecting her to wear what I wantI'm (32f)
getting married in August. My best friend Crissy (fake name,
30f) agreed to be my maid of honor and seemed
really excited for me. I told her I wanted my
colors to be dark green and and pale pink and
she agreed it was a really pretty combination. So when
we were dress shopping she kept picking out green dresses.
I told her I wanted her to wear pink instead.
She was disappointed and said she doesn't like pink and
would probably not buy a dress from the store we
were at if it wasn't in a color she liked
(because the boutique was pricy). I can understand that so
I just asked that she find an appropriate dress in
the specific shade of pink I like. Since then she
has been sending me links to dresses that are NOT
close to the color at all and green ones with
pink floral. She made a comment about how when I
was her maid of honor a few years ago, she
let me buy a dress I've worn multiple times since.
This pissed me off because her colors were navy and
silver, so of course the blue dress she wanted me
to buy is more versatile. But it's my turn now
and I think the dress is a standard part of
the maid of honor role. Its making me think she's
not going to be a good maid of honor to
me.I mentioned this to my sister and she said I
was being a bridezilla. She reminded me that crissy was
a really relaxed bride and that we obviously have different
expectations about wedding roles and need to talk it out.
I know she's probably right, but I'm upset that she
thinks I'm being a bridezilla. Crissys wedding was a lot
different than what I would have picked for myself- it
was really casual and had a lot of cutesy, homemade
elements. My style is more elegant and clay and I
don't think there's anything wrong with that. When I first
started talking to Crissy about my wedding plans, she kept
reminding me that it's one day and just a party
and stuff like that. But I have dreamed about this
day since I was little. I feel like Crissy doesn't
understand how important it is to me that my day
is picture perfect because she admitted getting married wasn't ever
really important to her.My fiancé says he understands why I'm
upset, my sister says I suck, and Crissy hasn't texted
me back since I shot down the last few dresses
she sent me. So AITA??
