Me (M/48) lives about a mile away from my mother.
My mom is old (80+) and her health is far
from perfect. She does not drive and is no longer
able to walk to the local grocery store to buy
more than very small items. So now I buy about
90% of the food and drinks she consumes. To me
it is not a big deal, I do it on
my way home from work or when doing other stuff.
She texts me lists, I shop. I'm also driving her
when I can to doctor's appointments, friends, the dentist and
so on. When I have delivered to her, or been
driving her somewhere, I send her a text with the
cost and she transfers me the money for the shopping
or driving. She insists paying for gas when I drive,
since her alternative is a 5-10 times more expensive taxi.
She is not wealthy, but has more than enough money
never to have to think about it considering her pretty
quiet life due to her health. The total of my
expenses is normally around $500 per month. So now the
issue, my older brother got really upset when he realized
I ask my mom for money for the stuff I
buy. He lives several hours away and at the most
visits mom once a year. His argument is that when
he visits her, he takes her to lunch, dinner, buys
and fixes stuff around the house and would NEVER dream
of, as he calls it, "invoice" her. I have just
laughed at his arguments, but now a second person have
told me that I should do this without asking my
mother for money, that I should do it "for family".
I think they are totally wrong, the only reason for
me shopping and driving is due to my mothers lack
of mobility, not that she lacks the funding. If I
did not do this, she would have to use services
costing several hundred per month to get her shopping done
and getting where she wants. I also help her paying
bills, doing taxes and stuff like that, for free of
course. That is "for family" to me. So I have
told my brother I will continue with this, as long
as my mother not complain, and that I think his
only reason for acting like this is that he wants
me to increase the amount of money we will share
the day mom paes. Our relation is now "a bit
frosty" to say the least. So, is my reasoning ok,
or AITA here? Thanks. 
