I suffer from endometriosis. This means that I have debilitating
cramps that make me unable to get out of bed
and it’s nearly impossible for me to get through the
day sometimes. I’ve been having nearly daily flare ups (the
pain is even when I don’t have my menstrual cycle)
and it’s severely affecting my quality of life. Yesterday I
was walking to cla when suddenly I got sharp pain.
A clamate who was walking by asked if I was
alright. I said I just got some really bad pain.
He asked why. I told him I have endometriosis as
I’m very open about it and I want to spread
awareness. He laughed and said “you mean period cramps?” I
told him how endometriosis creates unbearable pain that makes life
extremely difficult. He then said that endometriosis is just an
excuse for girls to not want to go to cla
when they have their period. I was baffled. I told
him “I am in excruciating pain every single day of
my life. It’s not an excuse.” He responded with it
is not possible to be in that level of pain
over normal bodily functions and asked if I ever considered
that maybe I just have an extremely low pain tolerance
(in response to this, I got a large needle to
my face which a doctor said would be extremely painful
but I barely even felt it). I was so pissed
off at this point and he continued giggling. I told
him “shut the hell up. You have no idea what
you’re talking about and you’re being genuinely ignorant right now.
You don’t know what it’s like to be in my
body and I bet you wouldn’t survive a day.” He
told me I was being completely ridiculous. At this point
we caught the attention of other people walking to the
same building and they were all laughing at me. My
clamate told me I was such a b*tch and that
I was the ignorant one. Another male clamate who was
in front of us held the door for him but
deliberately shut it on me. Others shook their heads when
they paed me. I live my life in unbearable pain
but everyone was treating me like I was some monster.
I don’t know what to think anymore AITA?
