I've been with my girlfriend for just over a year
but we've known each other for about three years (we
have mutual friends). She has three daughters - 10,13 and
14. The oldest daughter has a different dad than the
younger two. While the younger daughters dad has contact with
them and takes them every other weekend the oldest daughter's
dad hasn't been in her life since she was born.
She and her daughters moved in with me after 3
months together. Which I know might seem like it was
too soon but her housing situation wasn't great (she was
living with a friend from work). I don't have any
kids of my own so I don't really know how
to be a parent but I've always tried my best
to support my girlfriend in her parenting decisions. Two days
ago I finished work early so I picked the girls
up from school, they usually take the bus but I
called my girlfriend after I finished work and she asked
me to pick them up. When we got home I
heated up dinner for them and afterwards I asked them
if they wanted to go shopping with me and grab
some pizza afterwards. The youngest two didn't want to go,
their friend was coming over so they decided to stay
but the oldest daughter wanted to come with me. So
I took her to the mall, bought her some clothes,
a new phone case and some other small things. Afterwards
we went to grab a pizza. After the pizza I
wanted to drop her off at home (my girlfriend was
already back from work by then) as I needed to
go to a rental property of mine to fix a
few things but she said she wanted to go with
me. So we did. She spent most of the time
on her phone and she tried on some of the
clothes she bought and showed me. We came home around
9pm and that's when the fight broke out. My girlfriend
was really angry at me for only taking the oldest
daughter and not her other two. So I explained the
situation about their friend coming over and that they didn't
want to go with me. But she claimed I was
favouring the oldest daughter which isn't true as I wanted
to take all three of them. We had a huge
fight about it, it was our first serious fight. The
oldest daughter stepped in my defence but that didn't help.
Since then my girlfriend has been cold to me. I
offered to take all the girls together another time but
she said she doesn't want my pity. I don't feel
like I was in the wrong because I tried to
take all of them shopping but they didn't want to.
So AITA in this situation?(I apologize for any spelling or
grammatical errors, English isn't my first language)
