Am I the ahole for telling my friend my true
opinion on why his undateable when he asked?Sorry guys I’ve
never posted before I don’t know all the abbreviations.I (F25)
have been friends with name change Paul (M31) since I
was 14 and he was 21 yes I know the
age gap to be fair at the time we didn’t
know how old each other were until later on. The
older we got the closer the friendship became.a bit of
context during this time he has had 2 partners one
long distance online romance name change Mace (F29) they where
together for a while and name change May (F30) this
relationship lasted less then 3 months. After his relationship with
May he would vent to me about how relationships suck
and they always leave him mind you my friends first
instinct to problems in a relationship is to just throw
money at it and the problem will go away. Within
the last 2 years he has begun to have feelings
for a co-worker name change Sarah (F31) Paul Sarah and
I have been friends for about 4 years. Sarah has
expressed her feelings towards Paul about 3 years ago but
around that time there where a serious of unfortunate events
so it was kind of a bad time emotionally for
Paul. Fast forward to the situation where I might be
the A-hole over the weekend just gone Paul Sarah and
I and 2 other friends where spending the weekend at
Paul’s house drinking involved. Sarah and I found ourselves at
the table talking about all sorts of things the topic
of how they felt about each other came up Sarah
had admitted she had reservations about developing a romantic relationship
with Paul as she was worried that rather then having
a partner in Paul he would act more like her
child. The following day Sarah went home and myself and
Paul where outside talking when he asked my opinion on
why his finding it so hard to find a relationship.
This is where I might be the A-hole I pointed
out to Paul that people don’t want to feel like
parents to their potential partners he was taken back a
bit by this he then asked why I would say
something like that when I responded that he has never
had to do anything for himself everything has been done
for him that he has spent his life being babied
for example he didn’t learn how to use the toaster
until he was 29 still doesn’t know how to work
the washer dryer vacuum really anything around the house inside
or out,has never cooked a meal for himself. He now
knows how to work the toaster and microwave but that’s
about it after hearing this he stormed off to his
room angry AITAH?
