TLDR: I used to make a lot of money but
got laid off, and she makes far more money than
I do now with no bills. Me (29m) and my
girlfriend (28f) have been together for four years now. I
bought my own home when I was 22 and have
been an independent adult since 17. She’s been living with
her parents, rent free her whole life and has a
great paying job with a maive savings. I grew up
super poor and have always had the mentality of “if
I can take care of you I’m going to” so
I normally pay for outings, trips, etc more often than
her because I love her and made more money. Several
times I’ve paid for trips, events, food outright multiple times
because I love her, and not just her, but for
my friends too. I believe money should be shared when
I can afford it and I live by that. I
used to work in finance but got laid off when
our company shut down. I couldn’t find a job for
over six months, living off of my savings and had
to accept a position that was $10 less than my
old one. Needless to say I only have money to
cover my bills now. I can save roughly $150 a
month if I’m really trying. She doesn’t understand this, she
doesn’t get I have 3k in bills a month that
I HAVE to pay. She’s 28 and only pays for
her phone bill. I’m still actively looking for other jobs.
Going out to eat has become hard because, making plans
to go places isn’t as easy anymore. I feel like
less of a man because I can’t provide. It’s been
months now of me just barely getting by and she’s
able to save 95% of her income (about 5k a
month goes to savings). Ive never even brought this us
before, or made comments or anything, but secretly I’m just
putting everything on credit. We’re supposed to go on our
annual vacation (that costs around 1k a person), and I
just don’t have it. If she covered me, it would
be a tiny fraction of her savings/paycheck. I normally NEVER
would expect something like that, but I know I’d do
it for her in a heartbeat and I’m struggling. Tbh
this has been the hardest year financially I’ve ever had.
WIBTA if I asked her to want to cover things
*some of the time*, like food and trips for a
little while, while I’m getting back on my feet?Edit: I’ve
cut back on my spending tremendously, had to burn through
my savings because of unemployment, and yes, she knows about
my financial situation.
