I (19M) have not had my dad in my life
since I was 6. He was a pretty absent dad
when he and my mom were married but then she
found out he had been cheating on her and she
divorced him. The person he was having the affair with
knew about us and she had been led to believe
that she was going to get a kid out of
the deal, believing she was infertile. So my dad made
mom an offer that he would take me off her
hands for his other woman to raise and he would
give her some money every month. I learned most of
this in the last couple of years. My mom always
kept this stuff to herself before that. She never wanted
to burden me or for me to feel more hate
for him than I already did for not being in
my life. But she was honest with me eventually and
I'm kinda glad she didn't tell me when I was
small. I really had a lot of hate in me
for a few years and it would have made things
worse.My dad's parents were in my life even after he
wasn't. They did have some communication with him but not
all that much. He married the other woman and apparently
they had tried to adopt and stuff but failed at
several hurdles. Then she got pregnant a few years ago
and they had a daughter. My dad ended up dying
just after the baby was born. He had a maive
heart attack which didn't surprise me or my mom at
all. He worked a lot back when he was with
my mom and his diet was crap.Four months ago his
wife died in a car crash which left their daughter
without either parent. So my grandparents became her legal guardians.I
have never met her and even though she is my
half sister biologically, I do not consider her my sibling
or my family. For me blood isn't what really makes
a family and I don't want to be part of
her family circle.My grandparents have asked me for help with
her. They have said they are not getting any younger
and would like someone who would maybe come and play
with her for a while and they suggested that I
could babysit if they have medical appointments and don't want
to have her running around hospitals, etc. I told them
I did not want to be in her life and
I did not want to meet her so I would
not help them with her. I suggested they find a
babysitter who can help. They told me it would be
better for her if I did it because she could
get to know me and having a big brother in
her life would be a lot better for her. I
made it clear to them that I was not interested.
But they didn't like that and they told me they
have always done their best to make up for how
badly my dad treated me and they want me to
be better than him and to make sure she has
better than I did. They told me she is innocent
and they never did anything wrong in this either, so
why punish everyone else.When I didn't give in they told
me I was turning into my dad aka someone who
doesn't care about people I should care about. AITA?
