Edit - realising the below is probably not written the
best. I had this Manchester trip in the diary for
months and have to go as it's work. Initial plan
was to come back home on the day and not
stay over. Wife said it was okay for me to
stay over. We then found out that she booked in
a spa trip, which I apparently said was okay, on
the same day I'm supposed to to leave for Manchester.
We have kids, so regardless of whether I stay over
or not, she couldn't go to the spa. Once this
was realised, she got upset and said I can't stay
over and should instead make my way back home. If
all goes to plan, earliest I'll be home is around
11:30pm. Hi allFor context, we live in London. My work
has an event next week in Manchester which is all
day. The actual work part of the event finishes at
7pm and then it's on to dinner and drinks. I
usually don't like staying over at places as I don't
sleep well in hotels and it means my wife is
by herself to get the kids ready for school etc.
Most of the time I either decline the event or
come back the same day. I initially told my wife
that I would just come back home. Yesterday, she booked
a 1 night hotel stay in Birmingham to attend a
distance, relatives graduation. She'll go up the day before in
the morning.Next day, the event starts at 2pm and finishes
at 4pm Dinner booked at 5pm Their train back to
London (she's going with a friend) is at at 7pm.
She'll the spend the night at this friend's house before
coming back home. So, leaves Tuesday morning and comes back
Thursday evening. Birmingham isn't far, and there is no reason
why she needs to go the day before the event
and stay over, leaving me with the kids to get
ready for school. I don't mind but the hypocrisy just
fell on me.Anyway, I made a joke pointing out how
she could stay in Birmingham but I couldn't go to
Manchester. Nothing more, and didn't say anything about staying over.
Out of the blue, she said she was okay with
me going. I said thanks and booked the tickets and
hotel. She then asked me what day it was and
it fell on the same day she had booked off
to go to a spa. Now, we share a diary
and this (my trip to Manchester) was in the diary
months ago. I messed up by not checking the dates
properly, maybe, before I apparently confirmed she was good to
go to the spa. Once I told her, she then
said I can't stay over at Manchester and needed to
come home. Keep in mind that the spa day is
the day I leave for Manchester so she can't do
the spa (we have kids) regardless if I stay over
or not. It was like she was refusing to me
staying over out of spite. In short, I put my
foot down about it. AITA?
