My sister has this friend, Natalie who is also my
acquaintance. Natalie is 39 and she broke up with her
boyfriend at about the same time as me (6 months
ago).    Over the past 6 months her
behaviour has got more and more icky, she sends regular
voice messages on whattsapp to my sister, all of which
are around the latest drama in her life and the
latest man she is chasing following her breakup and how
upset she is. She has slept with 7 people since
breaking up with the apparent love of her life 6
months ago.    She was stalking her electrician
on social media to see if he was single just
because he spoke to her when he came to install
a socket at her flat, the next week she's asking
about HIV tests because she's slept with some random guy
she met on Tinder, now she's it's yet another guy
she has slept with who she keeps stalking in the
local pub by going in there "pretending to look for
something", then she's gone back to her ex and he's
told her it's a mistake the next day.  
 Whenever I have time with my sister her phone
will be ringing and guess what? It's Natalie with another
drama.  My sister is fed up of her, but
she is friends with her and has already told her
to stop but tolerates it because they're close.  
 My sister recently went to Rome with her boyfriend
and wasn't available to talk to, so Natalie suddenly messages
me asking how I am. Yet again she's dumping all
the latest dramas about how the most recent bloke isn't
interested in her and dumped her after sleeping with her.
I gave her support and advice which was essentially, stop
dating and work on yourself. My sister says exactly the
same thing.  She says she agrees and "finally realises"
then basically does the same crap the very next day.
   Natalie is very well aware that this
year I have had to leave my home due to
an abusive relationship, I was engaged, owned a house and
literally left all of it which was horrible. There is
a ton of expensive legal stuff around mine/my ex's house
and that is stressing me out.   I got
straight into therapy and joined a gym and it is
literally a daily struggle sometimes trying to put my life
back together. I have also had to send my ex
a cease and desist letter after a ton of post
seperation abuse.    This morning I got yet
more messages from Natalie and just lost it, I told
her to grow the f up, get therapy and stop
leaching everyone elses time and energy on her pathetic problems.
I told her that if she wants to sleep around
that's fine and if she wants to endlessly chase men
then that's up to her but I literally had no
bandwidth to listen to her making excuses for herself if
she wasn't prepared to better herself. I also told her
that it hadn't gone un-noticed that she was "checking in
on me" at the convenient time that my sister was
unavailable to dump on.  I feel awful but I
literally am sick and tired of her constant moaning and
refusing point blank to change anything in her life. 
So I told her.  
