I (25f) was raised by a single mom for the
majority of my childhood. It was just her, my sister
(22f) and me. When I was 15 she started dating
a guy called Dave and when I was 17 he
moved in with her.    He had a
6 year old daughter at the time who ended up
moving in with them full time just under 3 years
ago. Mom and Dave married a year after that. Dave
is an alright guy, his daughter is sweet enough. But
I would never say Dave is my dad, my parent
or my father figure. My mom is basically everything parental
rolled into one. She's it. She's all. She was amazing
and still to this day is. My sister and I
are so thankful for her and my sister is the
best as well.After getting engaged my fiance and I were
talking about the traditional father of the bride dance and
we both were aware that wasn't happening. At least not
a father of the bride dance. I told him it
would be really fun and really special if I danced
with my mom and sister so he suggested I ask
them. This was five months ago. I asked them three
months ago, after my fiance and I had some more
talking done and figured out if he would dance and
if yes, with who.When I did ask, my mom and
sister was so happy. Mom said she would love the
chance to dance with her girls and to be recognized
in that way during the wedding. A lot of people
where we lived when I was in elementary school acted
like we were doomed because she was a single mom
to the two of us. Some old lady neighbors used
to talk about how sad our weddings would one day
be (they were the really gossipy types who liked to
shared their unrequested opinions). My sister was thrilled to be
included in the dance because she never expected it. But
she has been by my side for so long and
I couldn't imagine not including her.Dave was not happy when
mom told him about the dance and his daughter was
apparently very upset. She and I don't really know each
other but she felt left out because my sister was
included and not her. Dave said it was a very
blatant rejection of the bigger family by choosing to dance
with my mom and my sister and leaving him and
his daughter out. He said his daughter is 14 and
it would have been so easy to include her or
to just dance with him as the father figure of
our family instead of excluding them entirely and making them
seem unimportant.My mom and him fought a lot about it
because she told him it had been just the three
of us for a long time and recognizing that and
acknowledging that we will always have a special bond and
that she was single handedly responsible for raising the two
of us was not an insult to him but an
acknowledgement of her and of our relationship. She also told
him it would not make sense to include his daughter
since there is barely any relationship there with me and
her. He puts this all on me though and he
said I should have reconsidered since I knew my mom
was now married and had a stepchild.AITA?
