I am a 43F currently serving in the Army for
over 18years. I have three children 25F, 23M, 17M. Over
the past few years my 23m son has been genuinely
upset that I will not transfer my GI BILL to
him. Those unfamiliar with the military, service members are able
to transfer their education benefits to their spouse or children
after serving a certain amount of time. However, I accidentally
exhausted my GI BILL.  My daughter and oldest son
never really showed interest in college, nor were my sons
grades of the best.  Once my son moved out
after HS our communication was minimal. Our relationship prior to
him moving out was alao strained. As a parent, I
hope I am not the only one to say my
son and I just did not get along and could
never seem to connect as he got older and got
worse the older he got. About two years ago of
him going no contact he messeged me, not to ask
how we were doing or anything, but straight to the
point that its my fault that he no longer qualifies
for grants due to our incomes combined and why I
did not transfer my GI BILL to him. I Informed
him that I had exhausted it and that he is
more than welcome to speak to a recruiter.  He
then said I should have set 50-100 aside each month
to pay for his college. At this point I call
him entitled and told him I don't owe him anything
once he moved out of my household.  (Summerized conversation)
We go no contact again for a little over a
year and recently another messege straight to the point asking
how I exhausted my GI BILL, again told him he
can go see a recruiter about it, but I also
explained it wasn't intentional, and was unaware that when you
take one cla they doc you a full semester. Non,the
less this conversation still ended on that I should be
responsible for his college.    Let it be
clear, before I joined the army I was a single
parent having my first child at 17, living in poverty
making less that 11k a year. I joined the army
at 25, paying for college tuition out of pocket was
never an option. I did the best I could as
a parent and I know I would never win mother
of the year. In both conversation I did apologize for
the mistakes I made along the way. As, it's clear
they bother him, but this conversation ended with him stating
he does not view me as his mother and blocked
me on everything. He made it clear to his sister
that he does not view me as his mother and
I am nothing more than an egg donor.  It
is time for me to update my life insurance and
do a will and I am considering excluding him. WIBTAH?
