I (Female) am a Uni student who had to do
a group project (40% of final grade) with 2 group
members (Male and Female). Myself and another group member (Male)
had not heard from our other group member (Female) in
10 days in the group chat we were communicating in,
we had been discussing our project and things that had
to be completed and did not hear from her. We
had messaged her separately multiple times and even emailed the
prof to see if she had heard from her in
case something had come up. The prof reached and did
not hear back. When we finally did hear from her
after 10 days, she said we was having phone issues
and would look at and respond the messages in the
group chat. 2 days after this she responded to the
prof, saying she was having phone issues and was on
track with us (she was not on track and had
missed a crucial part of the project and did not
participate in anything during this 12 day period). So yesterday,
13 days after not hearing from her, she messages in
the group chat saying a FEW days ago, there was
a family emergency and she’s been unable to do any
of the work and will not be able to help
going forward. The work is very time consuming (analyzing a
bunch of data) and now she needs us to do
it. We found this odd as it was only the
day before this she told the prof it was just
phone issues and said the same to us a couple
days earlier. Obviously, we feel bad that her and her
family are going through a hard time right now but
that doesn’t explain why she didn’t communicate with us for
the 10 days prior as she indicated this only happened
a few days ago. Also, we were confused as to
why she did not just say that there was a
family emergency rather than say phone issues, at least then
we wouldn’t have to keep reaching out to her auming
she just abandoned us. So, we expressed our sympathies but
also told her basically that hey, this is a large
part of our grade and you haven’t put in any
effort before this (blatantly said she did not want to
do a certain part of the project), if you were
truly having phone issues, you could’ve reached out to us
or the prof to relay a message saying this. Not
just left us in the dark. And also, that when
I had a family emergency back in October (my dad
was in the hospital for 2 weeks) and had to
take a break from the aignment for a few days,
she offered to cover my part, and then the night
before it was due when I checked in to see
how it was going she said she didn’t get to
it, so at 9pm before the due date at 12am,
I had to scramble and get it done. So now
that she’s in the same position, she wants us to
do the same for the largest part of aignment. When
this happened to me, I reached out to the prof
immediately, got an extension, and they both offered to cover
my part of the aignment as I had already done
a lot of work prior, I did not ask them
directly to do my part. I said I would get
it done ASAP. But because she offered, I accepted and
was very appreciative. Myself and the other group member (Male)
are set to graduate in the spring, and if we
were to fail this course we would not graduate and
have to take it again (which costs a lot of
money and time). After we voiced all of our concerns
to her, she unsent her messages, and we haven’t heard
from her since. Was it fair for us to call
her out on her lack of participation and communication?
