We (mid 20s, F) were bridesmaids for our friend's wedding.Context:
Some of us have full time jobs/mortgages, I am still
in school/have school debt. This was the first wedding in
our group and our first experience with being bridesmaids. There
were no expectations set by the bride as to what
our roles would be when she asked us to be
bridesmaids.The issue: During wedding planning, things were coming to us
out of left field without prior communication. For example, we
had to pay half the amount of our dresses, pay
>1k for a bachelorette trip (even though we had no
say in the trip itinerary and location). We did it
of course to support bride.Bride didn't ask the MOH directly,
but expected her to plan the bridal shower. I asked
how MOH was going to pay for the shower because
bride had expectations for an "instagram-worthy" event e.g. balloon arches,
alcohol, food, elaborate decorations. The bride's response was "I don't
know...ask her".Weeks later, the MOH tells us all the bridesmaids
are paying for the bridal shower (didn't ask). We thought
it was weird the bride never asked us directly to
pay for this, but rallied and gave the bride exactly
what she wanted and paid for the event.Months later, before
the bachelorette, the bride tells us (didn't ask) that we
also should pay for the trip's alcohol, snacks, decorations for
the bachelorette party (for 15 girls, most of whom were
not bridesmaids). At this point, the bridesmaids asked if it
was okay if each person attending the bachelorette party could
bring their own alcohol/snacks.The bride became upset we were “ruining”
her wedding experience by having opinions and questions on everything
she asked for, first the bridal shower, then the bach
party. Bride said she googled that bridesmaids were supposed to
pay for the bridal shower and that we were "not
street smart" for not knowing this. Bride "asked all of
her other friends who said obviously the bridesmaids should pay
for everything".Bridesmaids felt guilty because the bride said we made
her wedding experience very stressful and after the wedding she
would be needing space from us as friends. We turned
into "yes" people to give her everything she wanted for
the wedding. We took initiative and paid for one of
her wedding desserts/decorations.Post-wedding, bride took space from us and didn't
invite us to a party she hosted. It's been over
a year later and she still holds resentment over the
wedding issue and has gotten upset at us for lesser
issues. We’ve offered to talk about it but she hates
confrontation and is avoiding the topic.As bridesmaids, we had faults
by making bride’s wedding experience stressful. At the same time,
we tried very hard to make up for it. It
seems like the bride is holding onto the things we
didn’t know and does not seem to acknowledge all the
efforts we’ve made since.AITA for ruining the bride's wedding experience?
