First time posting and I’m on mobile. My husband (34M)
and I (35F) have a daughter (1.5F) and I’m 33
weeks pregnant with daughter #2 (due January 1). Some background:
my husband and I have been together for 9 years
and my MIL and I have always had a rocky
relationship which started when I overheard a phone conversation early
while we were dating of her telling him she doesn’t
approve of me/us, mostly because she wanted him to date/marry
into their ethnic group/culture (he’s Asian, I’m not). There’s been
other things over the years too. I’ve always been very
LC with her, which has been easy since she’s always
lived out of state, but civil/cordial when we do see
each other. Fast forward to now, I’m due soon and
they decided together (without any input or consideration from me)
that she would come December 24-January 3. Annoying but fine,
I’ll manage. Last night I get home and walk into
their FaceTime conversation, just catching the tail end of it.
It took me a few hours but when things finally
clicked I asked my husband if they planned on changing
the dates his mom would be staying. His response was
“that’s the idea” and when I asked why his response
was “why not.” I got annoyed and said 10 days
is long enough and that I want privacy and time
to birth, heal, feed (plan on BF exclusively), and bond
with our baby. He pretty much said too bad and
again, I got no say. I’m not a fan of
ultimatums but I told him if she’s here after January
3 it’s grounds for divorce for me and he basically
said good riddance (not in those words but you get
the idea). I’m an introvert and I like my peace
and privacy as it is and he knows this. Add
in a being newly postpartum and a newborn and the
fact that they made these plans without asking or even
telling me (bare minimum I think) and it’s just overwhelming
and frustrating. From what I can piece together from the
conversation I caught MIL got fired or quit her job
and now the plan is to cancel her plane ticket
home (as in, there is currently no date for her
to leave). A little more info, this happened during our
wedding planning. Whatever she wanted to do went. My plans
for a rehearsal dinner got scrapped and instead we had
a huge lunch with every guest invited the day before
the wedding. Whoever she wanted to invite got invited. We
got married at the court house the previous year and
I wasn’t a huge fan of an actual wedding to
begin with (again, introvert) so I was indifferent about it
and everyone kept saying it’s a cultural thing but I’m
always getting pushed aside and treated like my opinions don’t
matter and I’m over it. At this point this is
the hill I’m willing to die on. (Also, my FIL
paed away in 2020 so it’s just his mom)My husband
and I haven’t spoken since this happened and I got
no sleep last night. The last thing any pregnant person
needs is all this additional stress but I can’t seem
to let it go. So, AITA? And WIBTA if I
bypa my husband and tell my MIL I don’t want
her here past the original arrangements?ETA: thanks for all the
input and perspectives. Sometimes it takes looking from the outside
in to see another point of view. Also, a few
people have asked so adding here…1. I have a college
degree and before our daughter was born I was making
~$80k/year so yes, I have a good career/income potential. BUT,
I have been a SAHM since May 2023 so I
have no money in my personal bank account, only what’s
in the joint account. So yes, I am able to
support myself and my kids but I will need some
time to get back into work and build a comfortable
savings/cushion. I could stay with family but with 2 little
kids it wouldn’t feel right to me until I’m able
to pay rent/contribute to the household. 2. It has always
been known to me that his parents (now only his
mom since his dad paed) would most likely be coming
to live with us when they were older. My husband
is 1 of 5 siblings and the parents can technically
choose where they want to live but in their culture
the responsibility falls on the youngest son (which is my
husband). I never had any issue with this and I
actually like the tradition of multi generational homes. Despite our
ups and downs her coming isn’t my issue. I’m frustrated
that they made the plans and I was never included.
It makes me feel like a third wheel in my
own marriage and like my input doesn’t matter. Also, the
timing isn’t ideal. I would like a few months with
our new baby before having extended stay visitors. But I’d
be willing to be flexible if a conversation had taken
place since I understand it’s also the holidays and she
lives alone. 3. She has a house with a mortgage
so I’m not sure what her long term plans are
as far as that goes with no longer having a
job but I’m sure her kids will come together to
pitch in financially until she figures something out. They wouldn’t
just leave her destitute. Hope this clears up a few
common questions. 
