My son Dawson is in the 6th grade and has
been rather anxious. He has to give a victim impact
statement and has been preparing for it all this week.
He's trying to keep it together and has been sleeping
in my bed all those month.He has a oral report
due on Friday for his social studies cla and obviously
he can't do it because he has to be in
court. I spoke to his teacher, Mrs T , and
said he has an appointment on Friday that he can't
miss and if he could possibly do this report on
Monday.She asked why can't he do it on Thursday. I
said that was a totally fair question but there's something
going on with him and he's emotionally distraught. I don't
want him breaking down in cla and being made fun
of.She said there was no good excuse to punt an
oral exam because Dawson has the jitters.I said it's way
more than that. She said he can give his oral
report Thursday or Friday or take a zero. I said
I understand and he'll take a zero. Your cla isn't
important in the grand scheme of things anyways. My son's
emotional health is way more important. She was surprised that
I said to give him a zero because I'm a
very involved dad. She told me to be upfront with
her about what was going on and I said I'm
not telling you anymore.Later I got a call from the
vice principal who said that I had a "hostile" conversation
with Mrs T and requested that she give my son
a zero. I said that's not really accurate. I told
him off the record that my son has to give
a victim impact statement on Friday. He's a mess. He
quickly said by all means let him stay home tomorrow
and Friday. He'd work something out with his teachers. I
said I do NOT want anyone knowing his business. He
aured me be wouldn't give any reason.I got an email
from Mrs T who said she wished that I had
been more open about what was going on because she
cares about Dawson. She's worried about him now. I responded
that I didn't tell her details because you and especially
your son (he's in the same grade as Dawson) are
gossip queens and I don't trust you. She told me
that what I said was very hurtful. I said then
don't ask and don't fish for information.Edit: The VP did
NOT disclose why my son is out tomorrow and Friday.
He said it was an approved absence and to send
makeup work home today. Only Blabbermouth responded and fished for
details after getting the email.
