Am i the ahole for ask my MIL not to
constantly buy gifts? 28 f married to my husband 28
m, we have two children Lexi f 7yr and jax
m 1 month. We live in a small house and
our space is very limited. Our daughter lexi was MIL's
only grandchild until our littlest jax was born. MIL has
always gotten Lexi tons of gifts even though she was
asked not to, it wasn't horrible when lexi was an
only child. Recently I have gone through lexi's toys and
donated 3 large trash bags, still leaving two large totes,
a hammock full of stuffed animals, a large stand of
arts & crafts, multiple sets of Legos and a bookshelf
full of books. After  failing to get her to
stop in the past we gave it another try but
actually gave some solutions this time. So two months ago
my husband and I sat down and ask MIL to
stop buying so much, we suggested either putting the money
she would spend in a savings or only buy with
the intention of putting it up for Christmas. This was
very hard for me to do but I've been working
on putting up boundaries with everyone in my life. Consistently
for the past few months she has brought multiple gifts
every week for Lexi, both my husband and I asked
her to stop on many different occasions. Last week she
told me she had something for lexi and I requested
MIL put it up for Christmas. MIL got noticeably mad
and said "I really don't want to but I guess
I will." MIL mentioned multiple times before telling us about
every gift that she know we've ask her to stop
but she really wanted to get this for Lexi. I
went to my mom to vent explaining everything that happened,
my mom defended MIL.... My mom trying to give me
"solutions that would make everyone happy" and telling me to
"pick my battles". My mom suggested to just let lexi
throw something old away in place of the new items,
I throw old things away behind lexi back or ignore
it. I refuse to, this is effecting my mental health,
my house being over ran with these clothes and toys.
 I told my mom that I would give MIL
the choice to take it back or I would throw
it in the garbage infront of her. Now my mom
is calling me an ahole bc she thinks I should
leave things alone bc it's not worth a argument. So
am I the ahole?
