This started one night when I saw something kinda wild
that a co-worker posted about her job on facebook. It's
not uncommon for her to post dumb or even ill-advised
stuff on there, but this was pretty bad even for
her. It contained recorded audio of a customer who didn't
know they were being recorded, while she complained about how
much they were talking. She's just desperate for attention sometimes
and her page is private so I don't really let
it bother me generally. Well the next morning my boss
came over and called me into his office and said
"bring your phone". I had no clue what was going
on but I sit down and he prefaces the convo
by saying that this is all on the DL and
can't be talked about and blah blah, and goes on
to say that HR received an anonymous tip about what
my co-worker posted, and because I was the only mutual
friend he could see on there (I was friends with
her and him) he asked me to show him if
it was true. I said yes, I saw that, I
can't believe she posted that  and I showed him.
He had me put it away and we both lamented
how stupid and unncessary it was, and I left. I
figured she would be in trouble but I didn't imagine
it was a fireable offense at that point, and I
never would have "reported" it like the anonymous tipper did.An
hour or two later he calls me back into his
office and says he needs to take a recording of
the post to document it. This part felt icky as
I brought the post up and held it there as
he fumbled with his camera for a minute cause he's
an old guy, but I didn't really feel I was
in any place to say no as I had already
shown him the post. But this recording eventually became the
damning evidence needed for her to be terminated.Like I said,
I was facebook friends with her, and we go back
a ways and have always gotten along just fine, but
she definitely gets outta pocket online and says and does
some crazy stuff, but also it's her private page and
she wasn't necessarily hurting anyone (I thought) but I could
definitely see how poorly her post reflected on her employer
and I knew she was somewhat fed.Well she gets placed
on admin leave for a couple weeks and then we're
eventually notified that she will not be returning to the
office. Me and a couple others message with her on
facebook and she confirms that she's been terminated. We also
learn that because her post contained a recording of someone
who didn't know they were being recorded she could have
been charged with a gross misdemeanor! Wow! We are a
two-party consent state. So while I don't dispute that what
she did was a fireable offense I still feel weird
about unwittingly providing the evidence that ended her career with
an employer she'd been with for decades, a person who
I am "friends" with.
