So a little back story. I lost my job because
my car broke down and couldn’t get my hands on
another one right away. So my cousin says, come move
in with us, of course he’s going to charge me
rent which I totally expect and would have given him
it regardless of if he requested it or not. We
are like brothers. So anyways, since moving in I notice
his wife gets packages everyday, sometimes multiple. Maybe not everyday,
but probably 5-6 days out of a week. I just
started working again last week, thankfully was able to get
my job back at amazon after quitting with negative time
(should have been fired), but I have good work ethic
thankfully and they like that. So at amazon I work
over night, I am here during the day. So normally
when I’m home I’m in and out the house during
the day a package will get dropped off, most of
the time multiple, sometimes different carriers etc, you get it
EVERY DAMN DAY. I usually pick it up and bring
it inside to the kitchen as you enter the house.
So I kinda think to myself “damn, this is becoming
a chore and I’m kinda pissed cause I almost tripped
over the packages on the way out. So I decide
I’m tired of picking up her packages from the sidewalk
in front of the door  everyday (I haven’t had
anything ordered to the house once) so I step over
it and decide to leave it and she can pick
it up when she gets home and bring it inside.
Go to work last night, get a message from my
cousin. (Message in photo) well, I can’t post it so
here it is:“Shelby is pissed because you were a commen
as motherfer and stepped over her package instead of bringing
it inside. She went to sleep bc she was pissed
at you. She said since you are petty, she'll be
petty and won't cook you dinner no more since you
couldn't pick up her package So I come home, wait
for him to bring it up this morning. He doesn’t.
I don’t bring it up cause I’m waiting for him
to.So, am I a ahole because I stepped over my
cousins wife’s daily order of whatever she got online and
didn’t bring it in? Normally I’d say it’s common courtesy
to go ahead and pick it up and bring it
inside, but not everyday. But to act as if I
did something wrong by not picking up your crap you
had delivered to the sidewalk?(And the dinner part, I’m thankful
but honestly I’m just eating what they’d throw away anyways
and prefer not to eat whatever they have)
