My brother got involved with these religious nuts in high
school through his girlfriend and his family. Got married the
second he turned 18 and did this homestead lifestyle. Produced
9 kids. Wife never worked. Something went wrong in my
brother’s cult involving taxes and now him and his wife
need money and temporary housing because 11 people is a
lot. I’m married and do ok for myself with no
kids. We have a two bedroom 1.5 bath house. The
other bedroom is my wife wfh office. She’s not a
house wife and if she makes a good bonus she’s
making up 70% of our income for that year. We
often take that money to travel, vacation and do our
own thing. Randomly,  my brother wants to bring himself
and half his kids to our place the 4 oldest.
He has kindly me asked to convert my wife’s office
into a bedroom for him. He even sent plans to
show bunk beds. Obviously, I turned him down saying my
wife uses the office for work. My brother acts pissed
and doesn’t understand yes women can work, work from home,
no that doesn’t mean cooking, cleaning and popping out babies
every year. Our parents died in 2020  and 2022
being completely irresponsible because they joined the same cult my
brother was in and didn’t believe in hospitals so that’s
not an option for him. Most of the extended family
avoids him and his family so he said he has
to find a home for him and the rest of
his kids soon because the big bad wolf of a
government stole his land and house. I said no about
moving in so he asked for money to help with
his back taxes to save his house pointed out I
could go on one less vacation or music festival to
help him out. I told him no because that’s my
wife bonus money and she can use it however she
wants and helping out sexist cult members isn’t high on
her priority list. My brother got mad and said I
was no family to him. A church member reached out
on his family behalf and threatened me with hell for
abandoning my brother and I told them I wish I
could be as a good brother as Cain but I
fear for the consequences. The church member was horrified at
my comment but I feel like this situation isn’t my
trouble or responsibility.
