So a couple of weeks ago my (36F) daughter (11F)
started attending a new Youth Group at a church in
town. I met all the adults the first night, signed
all the paperwork, filled out all the emergency contact information,
etc. Everything seemed fine and she has been attending every
Wednesday night. Last night she shows me this group chat
thing on her phone. She says that the Youth Group
teachers had them all download this private chat thing on
their phones and they use it to communicate outside of
Youth Group. I immediately was not okay with this at
all. In my mind, there is absolutely no reason for
adults to be texting children that are not their children
for any reason whatsoever without the parents being involved or
having knowledge of it. I don’t care if these are
church people. There is no reason for it. Not to
mention this chat system is sort of like Snapchat so
the messages disappear after the other party reads it and
vice versa.I called the lady in charge of the Youth
Group program and expressed my concerns. She explained that the
chat is for kids to be able to reach out
to the adults to talk about things like issues at
school, issues with friends or family, depression, etc and for
the adults to be able to return advice or aist
in prayers regarding the specific issue. She said that the
messages disappear so that the kids feel comfortable sharing things
and they feel secure knowing nobody else will see what
they said. She was very insistent that this was necessary
and even argued with me about it. During this phone
call she was interrupting me when I was trying to
explain how I was feeling, telling me my feelings were
wrong, even at one point telling me it was absurd
of me think that Christian adults would do anything they
shouldn’t be doing with children. So I snapped. I told
her it was completely inappropriate and under no circumstances should
adults be asking children for their phone numbers and if
they want to communicate outside of youth group it should
go thru the parents. I then threatened to have them
investigated and I posted on my Facebook asking if other
parents in town were aware of this private chat that
the church is having our kids download on their phones.
Many parents responded that they did not know and some
were very upset just as I was. I told the
lady that my daughter would not be back and she
would be attending a different youth group from now on.
My husband is embarraed at my behavior and says that
I blew this way out of proportion. He wants me
to apologize to the church and delete my Facebook post.
I believe that my reaction was completely justified and that
I did the right thing by expressing my concerns and
alerting other parents. So what do you guys think? Was
I right to be concerned? Or AITAH here??
