my boyfriend, Will, (19m) and I (18f) have been together
for going on 4 months. in this time, him and
his family have helped me get out of an abusive
home and into a place where i felt cared for,
at least until recently. i met Will’s sister, Ana, and
brother in law, Mike, 2 months ago, and they almost
immediately moved me in with them and their 4 children
(with 1 on the way) due to abuse I was
enduring at my mother’s house. I initially was planning on
staying here to get on my feet, and that is
still my desire, but Ana continuously insists on acting like
my mom despite me protesting it. She has a curfew
of 10 on weekdays and 12 on weekends, which is
reasonable, but i’m not allowed to go out without letting
her know where i am at all times and i
have to check in with her every hour or so.
A couple of days ago i went 6 hours without
texting her and her and her husband were pissed.I’m not
allowed to get a job because I made a promise
to watch her 3 y/o daughter for $75 a week
(i will not be getting paid for the first month
of doing it) and when i expressed wanting a real
job, i was told that it is not an option
they would support and was guilt tripped into the babysitting
job. Will is no longer allowed over because I lied
about getting my laundry done (i’m used to being severely
punished for not doing what i’m told) She went into
my room without asking (she has said this would never
happen) and invaded my privacy by doing so. Ana also
brought up my miscarriage (that i had last month and
she WITNESSED) to make me feel bad after an hour
long lecture about me lying. I plan on moving in
with Will early next year, but i can’t without having
an actual job, and i can’t save up on $75
a week. I don’t feel comfortable with them trying to
act like my parents, and i also hate how comfortable
they feel using fresh trauma against me to make me
feel bad for lying about LAUNDRY. AITA for wanting to
leave and find somewhere new?Edit: i forgot to mention, i
am watching her daughter from 6:30AM to 4:30PM every weekday
