A (sort of) friend of mine (21 female) needed a
place to stay long term. I (20 female) had an
apartment and agreed to let her stay with me IF
she followed 2 terms. The terms: she'll give me $300
a month for rent, and clean her own mess/do dishes
ect. So she moved in. I paid $1200 a month
and she paid the $300. This was a one bedroom
apartment, so I took the bedroom. She stayed on the
couch. I, not only paid more, I was also 4
months pregnant at the time. So it only made sense
for me to have the room. (Side note: I owned
everything. The couch, dishes, tv ect.)At first it was going
fine. She was respectful, and kept her stuff clean. But
slowly I started noticing she might leave a dirty bowl
in the sink, or leave dirty clothes in the living
room. I saw these as No big deal. I would
just wash a single bowl for her, and didn't care
much about the laundry. She also started to complain that
she has to sleep on the couch...Over time I noticed
it getting worse. she would never clean anything; leaving piles
of trash, dirty clothes, and dishes everywhere. I talked to
her about it and she said: "because I (the op)
had been doing the cleaning she figured she didn't need
to do anything." I tried to just ignore the mess
because the $300 a month was helping me a bit.
So I let her stay. Then my due date comes
along (I'm ready to give birth.) I was scheduled for
an induction. I cleaned the Whole apartment SPOTLESS the day
before I went into the hospital (so that I wouldn't
have to clean when I got back). I also meal
prepped food so I wouldn't have to cook when I
got home. I ended up being at the hospital for
2 days. You would NOT believe the monstrosity of a
mess I returned to when I got out of the
hospital. And multiple of the meals I prepped were gone.
I started bawling, I could not believe I had just
given birth and this was the way I was being
treated. After that day, I told her to get her
stuff and leave. I gave her a few days to
get things sorted, and she was gone. Recently some of
my "friends" have said that I was being dramatic, and
didn't need to end our friendship over a messy apartment.
Idk I feel like what I did was justified. Am
I the A hole? (Another side note she ruined my
$1200 couch by eating on it, and broke many other
things I owned but never offered to pay for them)
#amitheahole #AITA #roomate #drama #AITAH
