I (27F) have a niece (14F) who is my older
brother’s (36M) and his wife (34F) daughter. She’s a very
sweet girl and she loves my horses and the other
horses I board which are my friends.My brother and his
wife live in the city, while I live in my
uncle’s ranch on my mothers side in a different state.
(My brother and I have different mom’s but same dad.)
They sent my niece to come stay with me for
a few months. Which I greatly accepted. She’s been good
and she calls her friends back at her home state
and FaceTimes her parents once in a while. She’s a
great help with feeding my animals and my horses. The
only problem is, she doesn’t know how to ride horses
and sometimes teases the horses.I have two very young horses
a filly and a colt which are very excited horses
and I don’t really allow her in the field with
them. As they like to kick and buck even when
people are around. And I have a old stallion which
was my first horse my uncle got me. His name
is Rooster and he is 32 years old. That is
my niece’s favorite horse, she always wants to ride him.
But I don’t allow anyone to ride him and I
don’t ride him no more. He’s very patient and kind
but he doesn’t like anyone touching his back legs and
his tail, when you walk behind him. He will kick
but when he knows you are there, he doesn’t mind
being touch back there as long as anyone approaches him
in the front. Overall he’s a great horse.She will tease
him with a lunging whip by tickling his back legs
and his tail, trying to get him to kick. I
have told her numerous times and warned her. She still
continues to do it behind my back. Well I told
her to go get Rooster out of the pasture and
into his stall. She went to go and get him
and I heard a scream in the barn. I got
over there and she was holding on to her leg
crying in pain, while Rooster ran back to the pastures.
I asked her what happened and she said Rooster had
kicked her left thigh and I asked her if she
touched him on the back legs or his tail. She
said she pushed him on his tail. To get him
in his stall and that’s when he kicked her and
ran off. She started cursing about Rooster and doesn’t want
to be around him. I told her it’s her fault
she provoked him and for not listening to me after
so many warnings. I told her that bruise on her
leg is a lesson now to be careful around bigger
animals. Especially ones that can kick at any moment.She can
walk it off, and she called her parents after. They
called me and told me that it was my fault
for not supervising her  and that they’re gonna get
her home. I told them everything but they won’t listen
and my SIL told me I need to get rid
of Rooster. I told her no and hung up. Now
I am wondering... AITA?
