First time poster. Some quick context, my fiancé (27m) and
I (27f) have been together for 4 years. The start
of our relationship, we both lived on our own. We
eventually moved into his childhood home (have been there for
2 years now).  A few months later his parents
moved in. They're both in their early 60s. They're pretty
conservative, very open about their faith (Christians), set in their
ways, and very stubborn. His mother can be very paive
aggressive. She is constantly asking intrusive questions, questions our decisions
and is constantly putting her input on our lives without
being asked. From what we're going to eat for dinner
to any big purchases we want to make, etc. Now
his father, even though he's 60+, is very fit and
in general a large man and will use it to
his advantage. He sets standards but will not follow them
himself. Has never physically harmed me or anything but his
man has literally growled at me in anger before. Like
a dog or wolf would growl. To say the least,
it has been a struggle for me to be in
this home...Bringing us to the main point "AITA" if I
moved out w/ my fiancé. Financially, we're saving money staying
with them. I've attempted to set boundaries and they're always
broken. Yesterday, I informed my fiancé mother that my brother's
(32m) girlfriend (30f) is pregnant. My brothers exwife separated from
him beginning of this year, packed up the entire contents
of the house and left while he was out of
town for work. My fiancé's mother greatly disapproved of this
news even though she hasn't met either of them and
I don't talk about them too often. She went on
and on... "how long have they been together?" "Has he
even finalized the divorce?" "Tell exwife she has no chance
now!" Etc. Leading up to asking me point blank, "does
he even know if it's his child?" .... I was
taken aback. What context does she have? He never cheated
on exwife and didn't want divorce but wasn't going to
chase her if she wanted to leave. I told her
this was very inappropriate and too far. She responded with
stuff like "well, idk, maybe..." like she was trying to
downplay what she just said to me. The reasons I
haven't moved out are as follows. My fiancé's mother is
obsessed with her sons and will do anything to keep
them from moving out. She will do their laundry, cook
for them, even make repairs/modifications to the house for their
convenience.  Fiances mother will call him every morning to
make sure he wakes up for work. Is texting him
daily at work. My fiance is very close to his
family so it's hard for me because I don't want
to take him from his family but this environment is
not healthy. I just don't know what to do because
I get pushback from fiancé saying we financially can't handle
it even though we are making more than we did
when we did have apartment(s). I feel he's stuck in
the middle of choosing me over his family and I
never wanted him to be put in that place... I'd
love to hear opinions please.
