This is our second year to host Thanksgiving at our
home. Last year I spent weeks planning and sent out
invitations to the members of my husband’s family: siblings, parents,
nieces and nephews. I also invited my parents because my
siblings were celebrating the holiday with their in-laws. My brother-in-law’s
wife responded yes for their family and asked if her
family could come as well—her parents, brother and his kids.
I was brought up believing that invitations are only for
the individuals invited, and not to be extended by someone
other than the host. My husband‘s family was brought up
with a much more open door policy and often included
random guests in their holiday celebrations—anyone who didn’t have a
place to go could come at the last minute. I
was frustrated last year because it felt like I couldn’t
say no even though we already had over 20 guests
planned. At the time, I felt that if SIL wanted
to celebrate Thanksgiving with her family, she should just host
them herself. At the very least, I would’ve appreciated if
they had said no to our invitation because they wanted
to be with her family and then I would have
the option to invite them rather than feeling pressured into
it. It meant that my older kids couldn’t be seated
with their grandparents because we had to move them to
accommodate SIL’s family.Now we are planning this year‘s Thanksgiving. I
haven’t sent out invitations yet, because I’m dreading the same
situation happening again, so I am trying to be very
specific in the wording. Side note: we have not seen
her family at all since last Thanksgiving. My husband agrees
with me, but thinks that his brother will think I’m
being a Scrooge. We are better off than the rest
of his family and SIL’s family and our home is
slightly bigger, so it feels like there’s an expectation that
we should have no problem with extra guests. That’s fine
for a backyard barbecue, but I am planning a formal
Thanksgiving dinner with place cards and nice dishes and a
meal I’ve spent weeks planning.AITA for telling SIL that this
year only our actual family can come, not her extended
family? I want to make it clear that we are
inviting only our family for Thanksgiving, not my SIL’s extended
family or whoever else they want to invite. I worry
that this might make me the ahole for not being
accommodating or generous to host them on a day that’s
supposed to be for sharing a bountiful meal. Was my
SIL the ahole last year for inviting her family even
though my invitation was address to her and my BIL
and their kids?
