My roommate (27F) and I (35F) are best friends and
have been roommates for the past year and a half.My
friend is disabled and chronically ill so she leaned heavily
on me for support. The lines between friendship and caregiving
blurred, leading to a codependent dynamic. I started cooking, cleaning,
and supporting her through work and her problems with her
relationship every night which started to drain me.Even though I
promised to live with her, I told her three months
prior to the lease renewal that I was thinking about
moving to another city for personal growth. She was sad
but supported me. However, in the last month of my
move-out, her health problems have started to rapidly decline. She
was going to renew the lease but then had to
quit her job for ER visits, and then wasn’t able
to find a roommate.Because I was apartment searching and busy
with travel, I wasn’t able to help support her through
those challenges. She asked me to not see my partner
so I could be at home in case she needed
to go to the ER. I switched around plans with
friends to sleep at the apartment. I didn't want to
but offered to help her with financial aistance for a
hotel to stay a few nights, or to pay for
therapy sessions.The week I was going to move out, she
called me crying that she wasn’t able to find a
place to stay and if she could crash at my
place. She didn’t say when she was going to leave.
A few months ago, I had told her I would
be open to living together in my new city -
but this was before I realized how much she needed
from me. I am not qualified to be a caregiver
and can't keep rearranging my schedule.I told her that she
could not stay at my place. While she was crying,
I said I didn’t feel comfortable housing her with no
end date and I was feeling overwhelmed and I needed
to take care of myself. She said OK and then
hung up the phone. I've tried to reach out to
see how she's doing but she doesn't respond. We don't
talk anymore and I don't know how to make up
with her. I am afraid if she is back in
my life she will ask me for more. She used
to have unlimited access to me because we lived together
but truthfully, I went past my capacity to help her
with her problems when I needed that time to be
alone. It led to hidden resentment that I am processing
now.I feel crappy because she's disabled and has relied on
me so much. But I am afraid she will take
over my new life. Am I the ahole for telling
her that I can’t house her?
