I love my friend, but she sometimes has intense viewpoints.
(English is not my first language, I'm sorry in advance)A
few years ago, she hooked up with someone she met
through one of my friends. He was living out of
state so they kept in contact but it eventually phased
out. We spoke about him briefly during that time and
she asked me not to speak to her about him
as he was in her past. A few month's later,
he moved to the same state and started working at
the same company as me (pure chance). I told her
and explained that although she had asked me not to
mention him, it didn't feel right not to tell her
that we were working together. This caused a disagreement because
i had spoken about him. I apologised, we moved on.
Eventually we discovered we lived in the same area, and
i started give him a lift home. We were going
through a lot of the same things at work and
became friends through those car rides. He quit and we
didn't see each other for a while or chat. My
friend and I also had a chat where she said
she realised she over reacted originally and she doesnt care,
hes in the past. A few month's later and him
and his friends are at the same bar i frequent.
We've met up there few times when he's in the
area, he's met my friends and doesn't have many friends
in the state. (There are no romantic feelings here, purely
casual friendship) She's asked me not to speak to her
about him so I don't think to update her on
this, and she is now a happy relationship with a
great guy. I have a milestone birthday coming up and
invited both of them, it's a medium sized get together
and not anything intimate. I then realise I should probably
let them know the other had been invited but didn't
think it would be a big deal (as it was
a few years ago, we hanlvent spokent about him in
ages and she's with a great guy) He doesn't really
care, she is upset with me and doesn't understand why
I invited him and she wouldn't have done it of
she were in my position (knowing both of them, i
also know she made some unfair judgements about him, and
has a pattern of making harsh judgements). I definitely could've
spoken to her earlier before sending out invites, but AITA
for inviting him?
