I (20F) was adopted as an infant. I never met
my biological father or mother, but knew I was adopted
from day one. I also know that my bio mom
was 15 when she had me and my bio dad
was in his 20s. My parents have a biological daughter,
my sister, 25F, who is in grad school and has
student debt, whereas I got a full ride to do
my undergrad. This year, I took a DNA test, to
learn about what cultures I belong to and genetics I
have, also to screen from any genetic diseases. I discovered
I am predisposed to certain allergies I didn't know about,
and I also discovered several matches. And when I saw
the last name, I didn't think anything of it.However, a
few weeks ago, I received a phone call from a
family law office asking if I was who I claimed
to be and we spoke for a little bit. I
was asked to join a Zoom meeting later on, and
when I did, I saw my bio grandmother for the
first time I started welling up. She and I have
the same colour eyes and I have her nose. I
didn't know how cathartic seeing somebody who resembled you felt
and I started to cry. We chatted for a few
minutes before getting down to business. I was shown legal
credentials proving this was a real attorney's office and I
was asked to show some photo ID. I asked what
was going on when my grandmother told me the truth.
My bio dad is a trust fund baby, and he
is RICH RICH, as a middle-cla person this was a
huge shock. After my bio family found out he had
a kid and told nobody about me, they were furious.
My grandmother wants to change over my bio-dad's trust to
me. I won't say how much for privacy reasons but
I could live on it for the rest of my
life, donate to charity every year and still have a
crapton left over. It is major "Fuck You" money. My
bio-grandmother also said that because she has funds for her
other grandchildren, I would receive one of those in addition
to my bio-dad's trust. She told me my bio dad
is single and it won't affect anyone but him. She
also said she would want to find my bio mom
to compensate her as well.The lawyer told me I should
obtain a family law attorney and that my bio family
would pay for them so I can obtain what my
grandmother calls "the money I deserve". I obtained two attorneys,
one family and one estate, and they are walking me
through the process of obtaining the funds I told my
family about it, and they talked about how my sister
could finally be a professional student and how their mortgage
could be paid off. When I told them how the
fund works, giving an allowance every month instead of being
a free-for-all, their tune changed.They said I am THEIR family
and should refuse the funds out of principle. I really
want to accept the fund and meet and reconnect with
my biological family, but I don't want to lose my
family while making the decision. So WIBTA if I accepted
this money from my biological family?
