AITA for wanting to sue my sister in a small
claims court for money that she owes me?I am more
financially stable than my sister. I give her things all
the time just because I can. I even bought her
wedding dress for her as a gift. This past year
though, she has been going through some tough times and
asked to borrow money and promised me she would pay
it back.Beginning in April, I helped her buy a couch.
She said she would pay me $50 a month until
it was paid in full. Then she started a new
job and asked if she could pay me back with
her 2023 tax refund. I agreed knowing that her financial
situation had changed. I also let her borrow my car
beginning in May of which she agreed to cover her
share of the insurance which she agreed would be $80
a month. She had my car for 5 months and
hasn't paid me anything. Naturally, I took my car back.To
hit the nail in the coffin though, I attend Rock
Festivals each year with my husband. The last one was
BRRF. It was awful and we lost a lot of
money. (I did end up getting my money refunded through
my bank for the tickets but nothing else).My sister and
her girlfriend wanted to come with us so I agreed
and said pay your fair share. I got an Airbnb
and purchased 5 GA weekend paes. One ticket was supposed
to be for her stepdaughter's 16th birthday but she didn't
end up coming. My sister and her girlfriend were supposed
to help pay for gas, food, their tickets, and their
share of the Airbnb. They asked if they could pay
after the festival this time so they could have some
spending money. (We also took them to Welcome to Rockville
in FL months prior). They paid for their stuff then
so I figured that they would pay me back this
time. I haven't received any money from either of them
since. We came home around Sept. 15th. I have been
given nothing but excuses and even got yelled at for
having the audacity to ask her to start making some
sort of monthly payment to me.With the couch, personal loan,
car insurance, and Rock Festival I am owed close to
$2,700. I have done some research regarding small claims in
her state and have to send her a letter of
declaration first to try to resolve the issue before suing
her. It is my last ditch effort so I don't
have to take her to court but I am fearful
that she won't sign it or pay me anything and
that I will have to sue her.AITA for sending her
& her girlfriend a letter of declaration? OR for thinking
I need to sue her to get my money back?Edited:
Yes, I have proof that she owes me money for
these specific items.
