I (F37) have a longtime friend Maud (F40). She's a
wonderful person, very loving and creative and social, but also
has mental health issues and sometimes gets manic or depressed.She
is single with no kids and a complicated dating history.
She is impulsive and romantic and falls madly in love
very quickly. Her last serious relationship was destructive, a bad
mix of two people who were crazy about each other
but brought out the worst in each other and hurt
each other a lot. Since then she's had a few
flings, each of which she insisted was a serious relationship
until it wasn't. She's mentioned lately about feeling a bit
sad and doomed to be alone forever. FF to now,
Maud has met a new guy, Ricardo. He is from
a different country and is here for a long term
work contract, but is not here permanently or with any
stability. They met two months ago and have been inseparable.
I have been traveling so haven't met him. I just
got back and she wants to introduce us which of
course I am keen on.Today she sent me a message
out of the blue announcing that they're getting married, she
even included a date about 6 months away. Then a
few hours later she sent another message, with a very
weird tone, asking me to please not post this on
social media or tell anyone because Ricardo is a very
private person and is very sensitive to energy and they
don't want their marriage to be public. The only people
who can know are the 5 friends who are invited.
This is sending up so many red flags for me.
I don't know this man, I don't know what their
relationship is like, but I'm freaking out because 1. They're
planning to get married so fast, which she says is
something she's always wanted but we've known each other since
high school and marriage has never been a priority 2.
All of this is weirdly secretive because apparently he's so
sensitive. I know the message telling me to keep it
quiet came from him not her, I know her tone
and way of engaging with people and that wasn't it
3. They're planning a tiny wedding and again few people
can know. Maud is a social butterfly with hundreds of
friends but she says she's happy to tone it down
and have a quieter life because that's what he needs.
She insists she's loving it but I feel like she's
isolating herself All of which said, she is an adult,
and she sounds super happy for the first time in
ages. Part of me wants to just be happy for
her, but part of me (the part that spends too
much time on Reddit) is very concerned. So, WIBTA if,
instead of being the supportive loving friend she needs, I
am honest with her about what I think, that there
is something wrong in this situation? WIBTA if I tried
to pick her bubble of love with my cynical worries,
when she's a grown woman?
